1.IMPORTANT2.Part Two: AMNSE - The Dark Side3.Chapter  126: Back to school4.Chapter  127: Mine5.Chapter  128: Roommate6.Chapter  129: Ash7.Chapter  130: Accident8.Chapter  131: Blood9.Chapter  132: Karate10.Chapter  133: Kiss11.Chapter  134: Anger 12.Chapter  135: Unexpected Visitor 13.Chapter  136: Falling In Love14.Chapter  137: Punch15.Chapter  138: Love Hurt16.Chapter  139: Trident17.Chapter  140: Why and When18.Chapter  141: New York 19.Chapter  142: Message20.Chapter  143: Sunday Morning21.Chapter  144: Sundate22.Chapter  145: Mentally Ill23.Chapter  146: Frustration24.Chapter  147: I love...Me?25.Chapter  148: How26.Chapter  149: Father 27.Chapter  150: Escape plan28.Chapter  151: Near Death29.Chapter  152: Gun30.Chapter 153: Argue31.Chapter 154: Watson Family32.Chapter 155: Friendship33.Chapter 156: Strong34.Chapter 157: Keiren35.Chapter 158: Boss36.Chapter 159: Death wish

 37.Chapter 160: Know38.Chapter 161: Words39.Chapter 162: Inner Pain40.Chapter 163: Past41.Chapter 164: Galawang Ulupong42.Chapter 165: Dinner 43.Chapter 166: Bread Knife44.Chapter 167: Papers45.Chapter 168: Exam46.Chapter 169: Holy Shit47.Chapter 170: Cyrus Velasco48.Chapter 171: Nice meeting you49.Chapter 172: Admit50.Chapter 173: Operation: Bawiin51.Chapter 174: Operation: Bawiin 2.052.Chapter 175: Tray53.Chapter 176: Freya Hidalgo54.Chapter 177: Keifer's side55.Chapter 178: Barakuda56.Chapter 179: Truth or Dare57.Chapter 180: No more secrets58.Chapter 181: Midnight Convo59.Chapter 182: Bridge60.Chapter 183: A.M.61.Chapter 184: Wedding Gown62.Chapter 185: Complicated63.Chapter 186: Fiancé vs. boyfriend?64.Chapter 187: Started with a kiss65.Chapter 188: Boiling point66.Chapter 189: The Prince67.Chapter 190: Open ears68.Chapter 191: Brother 69.Chapter 192: Stepbrother 70.Chapter 193: I shall return71.Chapter 194: Last cry72.Chapter 195: Old Jay-jay73.Chapter 196: Keifer's plan

 74.Chapter 197: Back Attack 75.Chapter 198: No care76.Chapter 199: Game of Pain77.Chapter 200: Drunk Percy78.Chapter 201: Angelo's rule79.Chapter 202: Monday Madness80.Chapter 203: Evil Phone81.Chapter 204: Eruption82.Chapter 205: Visit Kiko83.Chapter 206: Switch84.Chapter 207: Cold85.Chapter 208: Master 86.Chapter 209: Section E87.Chapter 210: Gang War 88.Chapter 211: Birthday gift89.Chapter 212: Motorbike90.Chapter 213: King91.Chapter 214: Heypi Birthday92.Trivia (This is originally from the book)93.Chapter 215: Saving you94.Chapter 216: Broken95.Chapter 217: Engage no more96.Chapter 218: Textmate97.Chapter 219: Begin Again98.Chapter 220: No longer the King99.Chapter 221: The real King100.Chapter 222: Island

 111.Chapter 233: Tren112.Chapter 234: Penmanship113.Chapter 235: Forgiveness114.Chapter 236: Forgiveness115.Chapter 237: Siblings116.Chapter 238: Birthday Wish117.Chapter 239: Happy Birthday118.Chapter 240: Kuya's Pain119.Chapter 241120.Chapter 242: Happy Family121.Chapter 243: Basement122.Chapter 244: Cousins for reason123.Chapter 245: Say goodbye124.Chapter 246: New room, new enemy125.Chapter 247: Fly126.Chapter 248: Dora vs Diego127.Chapter 249: What now128.Chapter 250: Saving friendship129.Chapter 251: Human130.Chapter 252: Hide and seek 131.Chapter 253: King132.Chapter 254: Who knows133.Chapter 255: Forgive & Forget134.Chapter 256: R.Sato135.Chapter 257: Enemy who?136.Chapter 258: Black and white137.Chapter 259: White & Red

 IMPORTANTI TRIED MY BEST TO TRANSLATE IT AS BEST AI HAVEN'T EDITED ANYTHING, NO PUNCTUATICORRECTOR, NOTHING AT ALL, IT IS AS SAMEORIGINALLY WRITTEN.This is an unofficial translation of Part 2: Ang Mutyarights belong to the original author and publisher. I drights to the content of this book. This translation is mcommercial purposes only. If the author or publisher be taken down, I will comply immediately.

 Part Two: AMNSE - The DJay-jay.She's the only girl.They adore her so much.Protect her no matter what.But what if the girl they thought they knew is not what thSection EThey are more than friends and classmates to her.She always helps them.She will fight with or for them.But what if, everything she thought about them is just a l**PartTwo of'AngMutyang Section E'.**The Dark Side.

 Chapter 126: Back to schoJay-jay's POVVery Wrong! I feel like I'm going crazy, or maybe I'm alrThis is so annoying!I can't understand what's happening to me. I already acce proposal, so I shouldn't have done *that* with Keifer.You know, *that* thing—during New Year's.That jerk is so infuriating. UGH! It makes me feel like I'mDamn it!What's worse is that it almost happened. It almost really so close. Damn it!I don't know how to face Yuri anymore. This is so frustraremember what happened, my heart races. My face feelsI looked at the ring on my finger. Kuya told me to wear ioff.ButeverytimeIseeit,IfeellikeI'mbetrayingsomeone

 outside my room.I knew it was Tita Gema and Kuya Angelo. I just didn't uthey had to talk right outside my door.After getting ready, I went out, which made Kuya and Ti"Good morning," I greeted them."Good morning. Go eat breakfast," Tita said, smiling at mI didn't even look at or greet Kuya Angelo. I'm still mad I went straight to the dining area. I found Aries eating thewas dead serious. When will he ever smile?Only when he's with Ella.While eating, I noticed Aries kept looking at me, like he something."Do you have something to say?" I asked him."You're the one who should be saying something to me,"me look at him in confusion."Huh?""What'syourdecision?Areyoustayinginthatstupidsec

 I paused. If I had followed him, would this really have hstill be tied to this arranged marriage?Honestly, I'm so tired of thinking about this damn engagmy food and got ready. I walked outside and noticed Arigarage.I thought he had already left!I looked at the gate. Aries was there, talking to someone.and was surprised to see who he was talking to."Yuri..." I called out to him. "...W-why are you here?"He was leaning against his car with his arms crossed. Hesmiled at me and stood up straight."I'm here to pick you up," he said.He was about to approach me, but Aries suddenly steppe blocking me."She's not going with you... Leave," Aries said sternly."You're not the one who gets to decide here," Yuri replied"A-Aries... It's okay. I-I want to talk to Yuri too," I said, lHesteppedasideandletmewalkovertoYuriYuriopen

 "Sorry about that. I should've told you about it from the sforce you, so I tried to make an effort," he explained.So that's why he went down on one knee. That's what it wI touched the ring on my finger."H-how are we going to tell our classmates?""I..." He took a deep breath. "...I've already thought aboudon't tell them yet."I looked at him, confused. "Why?""It's for the sake of our Section. Things will get messy if Especially now, since they all think Keifer has feelings fShoot!Why did he have to bring up that King of the Snakes? Ugagain! I remembered what happened on New Year's.I'm such a cheater!I looked out the window. I was too ashamed to face Yuri did."What do you think?" he asked.

 I took off the necklace I was wearing—the one Poseidonthe Christmas party. I still don't know who it's really fromI wore it.I also took off the ring. I threaded the necklace through thit into a pendant. Then I put the necklace back on."Great idea..." Yuri commented, smiling at me.I just smiled back. We fell silent during the ride. Thanks which, damn it, is still terrible even on the first day of sch became even more awkward.There were moments when I'd look at him, and he'd lookand that was it. We kept doing it, even though we probabridiculous."This is awkward," he said, chuckling a little. "...You knohave to take this engagement too seriously. We can still tsame way we did before.""Huh?""No pressure. Let's not think about the engagement whenJust act like the Jay-jay I know," he said, smiling at me.I smiled back. He's right. Why should we overthink this mKuya pressuring me.

 I lowered my fist. I saw him rubbing his arm. For some rstarted laughing."You punch hard... You're stronger than me," he said."That's your fault."The awkwardness started to fade. Even the pressure fromengagement seemed to disappear. I like this better.Back to how we were before.The car stopped in the school parking lot. After taking ofthought we were going to get out, but Yuri grabbed my h"I forgot something," he said.I was surprised when he suddenly leaned in and kissed mWhen he pulled away, he smiled at me."No pressure about the engagement, but that doesn't meafeelings for you," he said before getting out of the car.Jay-jay, you cheater! Jay-jay, CHEATER!It took a while for my brain to function again. I just scratwhen I realized Yuri was waiting for me to get out of the

 I'm so confused. When Yuri kissed me, all I could think adeceiving him.This is so wrong. We're engaged, right? Even if it's arranto it. I still accepted it. I have an obligation to this engageI need to fix this mistake. If I need to stay away from Keknows I'm engaged to Yuri, so he'll understand.I need to talk to him properly so we can stop this.Yes! That's what I'll do! I fixed myself up and opened the Not even a second after I opened it, I wanted to close it aluck! The person I'm trying to avoid is right in front of mI was a little shocked, but I immediately glared at him.He had one hand on the stall wall."W-what are you doing here? This is the girls' CR!" I scoHe suddenly smiled mischievously. "I don't care... No onsaid, pushing me back into the stall.Oh my God...I just said I'd stop this!

 Chapter 127: MineJay-jay's POV"What happened to you?" Edrix asked Keifer as soon as "...Did you get into a fight?"Keifer looked at me, so I quickly looked away. Guilty! ItHe had to push me into the stall and then—ugh!!! He eve New Year's *thing* part two!So annoying!I had no choice. I bit his lip and punched him. I even kickwhy he looks like he just got into a fight."No... I just ran into a jerk," Keifer replied, walking to hiA jerk, huh?I avoided his gaze. I pretended I didn't know what happethis guy is probably doing it on purpose."You'll pay for this..." he whispered as he passed by me.

 What happened to him? I really want to go to his house nwhat his Kuya did to him?I remembered how he yelled at me over the phone. It wa jump through the line just to yell at me in person.Sigh... Next, I looked for Kit. He had his headphones on and seewhat was happening around him.Mayo, on the other hand, looked like he wanted to approhesitating.Love life, huh?Sir Alvin arrived. He greeted us and asked how we celeband New Year's.He didn't teach and just chatted with us instead. I missedwith us and these snakes, and how he joined in on our sh"...We've already started planning your retreat," Sir suddRetreat?!"Are we even part of that?" Calix asked."YesYou'refourthyearsnowAllstudentshavetojoin

 Post-final exam?I turned to Yuri and tapped him."What's the post-final exam?" I asked."There's a fifth exam. That's where they determine if a stor not,"Yuri explained.Oh no!Why is there something like that? What if I don't pass? Dwon't graduate?I suddenly felt nervous. We haven't even reached the thiryet, and now I find out there's something like this.I need to prepare for this. I might have to burn the midnignot being able to leave this place, Kuya will skin me alivOur morning class was mostly spent chatting. Even the oteach. Maybe they're not in the mood or just don't want toLunchtime!"Is this all?" Drew asked Eman.

 Keifer suddenly sat down on the bench in front of me. Whe kept staring at me."Get out of here!" I snapped at him."What if I don't want to?" he challenged.I grabbed my food and stood up. I was about to leave whspoke."Booooxxxeeerrr..." he whispered, almost singing.Okay... I sat back down.I glared at him. So annoying! I don't want them to find ouwho gave him that.This jerk thinks he has leverage now."What do you want?!" I asked irritably."Nothing... Is it wrong to watch you while you eat?""Yes! Go away!"Instead of listening, he just laughed at me.Look at this guy!

 I nodded. He glanced at Keifer before walking away.I kept my eyes on Yuri until he was out of sight. Once I whear us, I turned to Keifer.I glared at him like I wanted to kill him."Stop this..." I whispered firmly.He leaned closer to me. "Why?" he whispered back."What do you mean why? Keifer, come on!" I looked arono one could hear us. "...I'm engaged to Yuri."He chuckled. "You're asking me to stop?" I immediately what?""This! What you're doing! Stop it... Stay away... Stop flirHe glanced at Yuri before turning back to me and speakin"What's wrong with flirting with you? With flirting with L-love...Why do I feel shaky when I hear that word from him?"Keifer," I called him. "...This is wrong."

 Okay...That feeling in my chest. He's right, we're not in a relatioeven demanding this from him?"...There's nothing wrong with what we're doing..." he adDamn it!"...You have nothing to worry about..."Please stop!"...You're not cheating on Yuri because we're not in a relaHis words felt like a slap to my face. We're not even in a why is he doing this? So annoying! I felt like crying, but why.I just bowed my head, and for some reason, I couldn't moleave and walk away from this jerk. But how can I when they've locked up?I felt so heavy, like I was about to cry right there, but the"...." His words didn't register in my mind, but they madeThey hit me hard and shook me to my core."DidyouhearwhatIsaid?"heasked

 I had so much I wanted to say, but my mouth wouldn't opmust've retreated. Should I be happy about what he said?"Y-you're crazy," was all I managed to say.I stood up abruptly and quickly walked out. My cheeks weven hit my chest because my heart was racing so fast.This is wrong!I stopped at the stairs leading to the second floor. I ran mmy hair.Damn it!I must've paced around a few times. I kept sighing too.Keifer is so infuriating. I don't even understand myself anconfused!"Aaaaggggghhhhh!!" someone screamed, making me jumW-who was that?I immediately looked around. No one was there, and it diroom. Is there a ghost here?I looked at the stairs leading to the second floor of our bu

 He stopped and turned to me when he heard me."What?" he asked.I could hear his voice cracking. It sounded like he was cr"Is something wrong?"He didn't speak. It seemed like he didn't want to talk abowalk away when he suddenly sobbed.I didn't leave. I waited to see if he would say something."S-sorry... I just can't help it," he said before leaning agaiI walked over to him and leaned against the wall too."What happened?" He took a deep breath and wiped his thard for me to see them like this."I'm just so frustrated with myself. I'm such a coward," hsmile.I feel the same way. I'm also frustrated with myself. It's a"Why? Can you tell me about it?" I asked.At times like this, I want to focus my mind on somethingannoyedwhenIthinkaboutmysituation

 I looked at Edrix. "W-who's the girl?"He looked at me too. He took out his phone and started taHe seemed to be looking for something, and when he foume his phone.It was a picture of a beautiful girl. She looked simple, witoo."She's beautiful, right?" he asked me.I quickly nodded. "Yes... She's beautiful.""Freya is really beautiful.""Yeah... She's really—HUH?! THIS IS FREYA?!" I askeI looked at the picture again. Impossible! I zoomed in anIt's really Freya!She looks so beautiful without makeup. When she's simpan angel.Is this photoshopped?!"S-so Freya is the girl—""YesIt'sbeenalongtime"hecutmeoff

 Chapter 128: RoommateJay-jay's POVWhose is this?This suitcase is huge. I could probably fit inside it. This m biggest one I've ever seen, but whose is it?As soon as I opened my eyes, this was the first thing I sahallucinating at first.I got up from bed. I inspected the suitcase and looked formarks. I tried to open it, but the zipper was locked with aI tried to push it and move it to another spot. It's blockingIt's so heavy!It feels like there's a person inside! It's ridiculously heavyhouse is packed inside."Whose is this?" I said irritably.I scratched my head. This thing just appeared here withocheckedthetimeonthewallclock.It'sstillearly.

 Ci-N?!"...you're such a funny kid. Hahahaha..." Tita said."But I'm handsome, right?" Ci-N replied, making Tita lauEven Tito, who was drinking coffee, was laughing alongsmiling while shaking his head."Hahahahaha... Go eat already," Tita told him."Later. I'll eat with—Jay!" he called out when he saw me"Good morning, Jay... Go eat. Join your friend," Tito JulzKuya Angelo just looked at me. I still don't want to talk t"O-okay.""We'll head to the dining room," Ci-N said.I walked out of the kitchen. The idiot followed me. Befoenter the dining room, I grabbed Ci by the collar."Ow... Jay!" he yelled."You idiot! What happened to you?!" I asked irritably buWhowouldn'tbeconcernedaboutthiskid?Seriously!Ib

 "...he said he's sending me to London. I refused, so he loroom," he explained. Tsk!I felt anger toward his annoying brother. That guy must nstraight. Locking up Ci-N?!"Lola and I were worried about you," I said."S-sorry... He also took all my gadgets.""Is that all he did to you? He didn't hurt you, did he?" I aI don't trust his Kuya anymore. Who knows what else heCi-N didn't answer. he looked away and rubbed the back"Ci. Speak up! What else did your Kuya do to you?!"he shook his head. "Nothing else... But he threatened meafter you if I didn't behave."Me?! Ha!"Then let him come after me! As if I'm scared of him!" I continued walking to the dining room.Ci followed me. His Kuya thinks I'm scared of him. Thatwant—to face him. We'll settle things between us.

 Huh??I didn't understand him. His mouth was too full, and he kAries turned his gaze to me."I-I don't know yet. I was about to ask him," I quickly repAries didn't say anything. He just sat down and ate. Occasharp glances at me and Ci-N.Even though I wanted to keep eating, I had to stand up qu"Let's go, Ci... We might be late," I told him."Huh?! It's still early," he replied, taking another bite of rCan't you read the room?! he didn't get what I was tryingI glared at him. "Let's go," I said firmly.Even though he was confused, he stood up and walked wwalking, he kept poking me. "What?""I wasn't done eating. Why did you make me leave?" he This idiot! he really didn't get that a storm was brewing a"Nothing!Wemightreallybelate,"Ilied.

 "I ran away," he replied quickly.I looked at him in confusion. Ran away?!"Seriously. What's going on?" I asked again.he opened the suitcase first before looking at me and ans"I ran away. My Kuya said if I didn't listen to him, I shouSo I did," he explained.Oh my God...Very nice. Her brother's influence is strong. he actually tseriously."Where are you going to stay if you ran away?!"he took out some clothes and placed them on the bed."Here, with you," he replied while picking out socks.My eyes widened at what I heard. he's crazy! he's really phere. He must've forgotten that Aries is also in the houseWho knows what he'll do to him—or worse, he'll take it He doesn't like seeing anyone from Section E."Noway!Areyououtofyourmind?!"Ishoutedathim

 "Why? Of course, so they know where I'm going." He ha"Did Kuya really agree?" I asked, confused.He walked toward the bathroom door. He had a towel drshoulder and was holding a bottle of shampoo."Yes... He said I could stay in your room," he replied. "..he said and went into the bathroom.Wow!I'm so embarrassed. This idiot is making himself at home before me. But honestly, this is better. At least I can makisn't bullying him.I'm just not sure what kind of trouble this kid will cause u"Bubble butt... Bubble bubble bubble butt.." Ci-N sang wI just laughed because I could hear him moving around iIt sounded like he was dancing while singing.I grabbed the clothes I was going to wear and waited for the bathroom.I heard my phone ring. I immediately grabbed it from unhad two text messages.

 Message: Get up! Your pillow's soaked with drool.Jerk! This guy probably texted just to annoy me. I didn't  phone back on the bed.Ci-N suddenly came out of the bathroom. he was just wrThat was fast!I checked the time on the wall clock. He only spent less tthe bathroom."Your turn," he said.I grabbed my towel and clothes. I went into the bathroomshower routine.While showering, I could hear Ci-N outside. It sounded lto someone. I turned off the shower for a moment to listequiet.I hurried up with my shower and got dressed. Since thereroom, I got dressed in the bathroom.When I came out, I was right. The kid was talking to somAries."Wwhatareyoudoinghere?!"Iaskedirritably

 he shook her head and quickly grabbed his shoes. he putwalked out of my room.Why do I feel like Aries said or did something bad to himTsk!I finished getting ready and grabbed my bag. I quickly raroom where Ci-N was waiting for me."Let's go?" he asked.I just nodded, and we walked out. I was waiting for him tme what happened earlier, but Ci-N chose to stay quiet.Why? What happened?!So annoying! I'm not used to Ci-N being like this. I triedtease him, but he just forced a smile.When we got to school, we were near the room when he walking, making me stop too."What's wrong, Ci?""I-is it true?" he asked sadly. "...Are you leaving SectionWho told him—damn it! It was Aries!

 "Who said Jay-jay is leaving Section E?!"

 Chapter 129: AshJay-jay's POV"Are you leaving Section E?!" they asked me in shock.Suddenly, all the troublemakers in the room came out whKeifer's shout. This is really scandalous!I immediately shook my head. "N-no...""But that's what he told me," Ci insisted. "...Because you be with your dad than with us."Oh my...That Aries really hit hard. He even told Ci-N about it. Nosuddenly became so down. Oh my! This horoscope is readeath of me."What?! Why would you do that, Jay?!""Don't you want to be with us anymore?!""I thought you were solid with Section E?!"

 I didn't answer, but he looked me in the eyes. I couldn't hso I avoided his gaze.Suddenly, he walked away. Even without him saying anywas going to confront Aries. I wanted to follow him, but hugged my leg and started crying.Oh no!"Ci! What's wrong?!" I shouted."Don't leave! Stay here in Section E!" he cried while sobI tried to remove his arms from my leg, but he only tighte"Jay-jay! Please!" he pleaded."N-no! I'm not leaving! Let go!""Jay-jay!"I looked at the troublemakers for help, but they just stareHow am I supposed to stop Keifer if I can't even leave he"Can you guys get Ci-N off me?!" I ordered them."Promise us first that you won't leave Section E," Eren sa

 "Ci-N, come on!""Jay-jay!" someone called me.I tried to see who it was. It was Yuri, running towards us"...What's... Why is Ci-N like this with you?" he asked."Because----""JAY-JAY IS LEAVING SECTION E!" Ci-N cut me off.Yuri immediately looked at me. "Is it true?""No! I'll explain later! Go after Keifer, he might fight ArIt was clear I wouldn't be able to leave anytime soon. I wcatch up to Keifer, so I asked Yuri to go instead.he immediately obeyed. Very good! Very good!I turned back to the kid clinging to my leg. he was still crtroublemakers were just watching.I held his face and made him look at me."Ci-N! I'm not leaving! No one's leaving!" I said seriouslhestoppedforamomentandlookedatme.Ididn'tbreak

 "Let's go! We need to stop Keifer!" I said and immediatemain building.They quickly followed me.I wasn't wrong. Keifer had gone to confront Aries, and thstarting to fight."Stop it, Keifer!" Yuri shouted, trying to separate Keifer But Keifer wouldn't let go of Aries' collar. Even Section Atrying to intervene. The other students were starting to ge"Let's go! We'll finish this elsewhere!" Aries challenged h"I will really END this now!" Keifer angrily replied.I looked at my friends. I thought they followed me to stoTroublemakers, but they were just watching again.You guys are so helpful!"Maybe you want to help?!" I sarcastically asked them."No... Let your cousin get beaten up," Drew replied.I glared at him. Maybe I should beat him up for the debt he seems to have forgotten.

 "Stop it, Keifer!" Yuri shouted.I bit my lower lip. He really didn't want to be stopped. Hfight. What's wrong with him?!"Keifer really won't stop!" Eman said.I couldn't just stand and watch. I ran towards them and trthem. I almost got crushed in the scuffle, but I didn't backI pushed Keifer with all my strength, giving Felix and th pull him away and stop him from charging."Stop! Stop! Please!" I shouted while standing between t"Can you?! Get out of here with your trash!" Mykel shouI glared at him. He talks like he's so clean, but his breath garbage."Shut up! Don't ever talk to Jay-jay like that!" Yuri shot b"Get out of here, Jay-jay! You're causing a scene!" Ella oAs if she's so important....I ignored her and went to Keifer."Stopit!Let'sgo!"Isaidandstartedtowalkawaybuth

 standing properly.I've thought about this for a long time. Once I say this, th back.I know I need to make sacrifices. This is the only way, anlot."I'm sorry..." I said. Aries immediately smiled, and Yuri l"...Aries..." I continued. "...But I'm not leaving Section EAries' smile disappeared, and the troublemakers were viswhat I said."That's your decision. I can't do anything about it," Ariessomething out of his pocket.Damn it!It was the information about my dad! He borrowed it frowas shocked to see Mykel hand him a lighter."I hope you don't regret this," Aries said and lit the paper"...You lose your chance to be with your father."I couldn't help but feel weak at what I saw. That was the info my dad left with my brother. My brother said he deswhen he found out Aries had a copy.

 Aries frowned at him. The paper had already burned, butstill on Keifer."I think you're forgetting something," Keifer added. "...I want.""What do you mean by that?" Aries asked."Anything... Including information about Jay-jay's fatherwith a smirk.Holy cow! Now I remember. He has a motto like a bank. I'm so stupnight thinking about how to get the info about my dad.I should have told Keifer earlier; he might have helped mAnnoying!"Ha! So you're saying you can find him?" Aries asked an"In one week, I will find his information. In another weehim," Keifer said.Aries clearly wasn't happy. He didn't want me to meet mwas bad news for him."Ccanyoureallydothat?"IaskedKeifer

 "Let's go! We're wasting our time here!" Calix shouted atKeifer and Aries exchanged one last glare before we finaI felt excited. This is what I've been waiting for.

 Chapter 130: AccidentJay-jay's POVLate! Late! Late! Late!Ugh! Ci-N didn't wake me up. He let me sleep and left wto wake me.I'm so embarrassed! After I let him stay in my room, he deffort to wake me up. He even turned off my alarm. So hI checked the time on my phone. It's too late! I'm definitemake it.What's worse? There's no ride available—everything's fustopping for me. So annoying!It's still morning, but I already feel like it's afternoon. I'mcrazy!I've been running and walking. I didn't even have a propeup late, so I just grabbed some bread and left.I stopped for a moment at a corner. I was already out of bgoingtomakeitanywaysowhybotherrunning?

 "I woke up late too," he replied.We walked together, not rushing anymore since we were point in hurrying now."Do you live around here? Aren't you and Edrix neighboHe came from the subdivision across the street, but EdrixI know they live farther apart."No... I stayed over at my girlfriend's place last night," hsuddenly smiling.Oh, I see where this is going."Typical you..." I muttered.He just scratched the back of his neck and grinned at melooked proud of what he'd done."Is that how you guys are? Is it, like, a requirement for gudo *that*?" I asked, feeling awkward but unable to stop m"Not really... It just happens sometimes. Especially whentemptation," he replied.Really? Just like that?TemptationGoodthingIdidn'tgiveinduringNewYear

 "W-what? Don't ask me that!" I stammered."Why are you blushing?"I immediately covered my cheeks to hide my embarrassmdid the conversation have to go this way?"...whatever. When you and Keifer finally get together, yteach you," he said, then burst out laughing.Ugh, this guy! What a jerk!I glared at him and punched his arm hard to make him st"Ow! That hurt," he complained, rubbing his arm.As if I need Keifer to teach me anything like that! And wKeifer, of all people?Ugh, don't even think about it!But why does it hurt a little to think that Keifer might've things? I shouldn't care about what he does with his life. messing with me anyway.What if Yuri's done it too?I don't know why, but it feels weird to think about them lguysandit'stheirlifebutdeepdownpartofmestillfe

 I felt a chill. I wanted to look back to see who it was, butto.We walked faster and turned into an alley."Call Keifer," Rory ordered me.I immediately grabbed my phone. I was about to call Keisuddenly pushed me, making me lean against the wall.I was shocked when I saw the guys who were following "Rory!" I shouted.One of them tried to come after me, but Rory stopped himI couldn't do anything to help him."That's the girl!" one of the guys shouted."Jay-jay! Get out of here!" Rory yelled.But I couldn't move. I couldn't leave him."Jay-jay!"I didn't think anymore. I ran to Rory and helped him. I st punching blindly."Itoldyoutoleave!Whyareyoustillhere?!"

 What?!Keifer's girlfriend?! What the—where did that rumor com"No! I'm not that jerk's girlfriend!" I denied."You think we'd believe that?!" Of course not!I know you guys are too dumb to believe me. Where did come from?"We need to get out of here," Rory whispered."How?""Like this..." he said, looking around as if searching for slooked at me and said, "RUN!"He suddenly took off running. I was confused but follow"Hey! Come back here!" No way!Why do they always shout that when someone runs awaywe'll actually come back just because they said so?"Jay-jay! Go back!" Rory shouted.

 Crap!Four of them suddenly pulled out knives. Rory tried to sh pointless—they surrounded us."Just hand over Keifer's girlfriend, and we won't cause trthem said.I'M NOT KEIFER'S GIRLFRIEND! Ugh, this is so frustthat jerk's fault."There'll be even more trouble if I do that," Rory repliedThe guys with knives glanced at each other, then suddenI turned to the other side and saw one of them coming at move—it was too late to dodge. I closed my eyes and wato hit me."JAY-JAY!"---**Keifer's POV**Why isn't she here yet? Even if she woke up late, she shoat least halfway through Sir Alvin's lecture.Buttwosubjectshavealreadypassedandshe'sstillnoth

 If she's absent, she'll call or text one of us. This is really w"Why isn't Jay-jay here yet?" Ci-N asked, looking at her That's the same question I've been asking myself for the glanced at Yuri. He was looking at his notes, but I knew wmind."Did she text or call you?" I asked him.He shook his head without looking at me.Damn it!Why are you making me worry like this? I have no choictook out my phone and used it to track her.For about a minute, I stared at it, waiting for the result. Tto find her.Suddenly, the result appeared. I stood up immediately whcurrent location.Hospital?"Ci-N!" I shouted. He looked at me, confused. "Call youif they have a patient wearing an HVIS uniform!"EventheotherslookedconfusedCiNtookouthisphon

 I couldn't wait anymore. What if something happened to know what I'd do if something bad happened to her. Not "There is one... A guy, last name Abejar," Ci-N suddenlySo it's not her!I should feel relieved, but I don't. I need to see her and coown eyes."Abejar? Isn't that Rory?" Edrix asked, and everyone looempty seat.What the... I just noticed. Rory isn't here either. Wait, whtogether?I didn't hesitate anymore. I immediately ran out of the rocalling me, but I didn't stop.What if something happened to her?!I got into my car, started the engine, and drove like a macould stop me at this point.When I got to the hospital, I went straight to the emergenwere so many patients. I was about to go to the informatiwere too many people blocking the way.Ihdhi

 But I couldn't answer him. Rory wasn't the reason I cameWhere the hell are you, Jay-jay?

 Chapter 131: BloodKeifer's POV Jay-jay!Please answer your damn phone!It just keeps ringing, but no one's answering. If I check hshe's still here."Keifer! I found Rory!" Drew shouted.We immediately followed him. He opened one of the curwas Rory. He wasn't wearing a shirt, and a nurse was stitwound on his back."Good thing the wound isn't deep. But we still stitched it bleeding," the nurse said as she bandaged his wound."Thank you," Rory said.We waited until the nurse walked away."Where's Jay-jay?!" I asked immediately.

 "Huh? What did you say?" Ci-N asked."She suddenly started shaking in fear when my blood stawasn't talking and just cried," he explained. No!Did it happen again? It can't be. What if it happened agaiout of her mind right now?I was about to walk away to look for her again when Rorname that made me stop."Good thing David showed up to help us," he said with aDavid helped them. F*ck! No! They can't be together. Dnotice? He's up to something.I ran as fast as I could, calling her phone at the same timenowhere, I heard a very familiar ringtone.*Secret* by OneRepublic.I followed the sound. The closer I got, the louder it becamthe emergency room now. The hallway was dimly lit, and people passing through.I stopped when the sound stopped, and my phone stoppethe corner, she was sitting on the floor, hugging her kneedown.

 I hugged her back. Oh crap! I thought something had hapthought it happened again."You made me worry sick!" I said and kissed her head."Keifer... There was so much blood," she said, still cryinI rubbed her back and hair. "Shhh... It's okay, I'm here. D"I-I was scared... I thought it would happen again.""Stop crying... Everything is okay now," I said.But she wouldn't stop. It's hard to calm her down when sSo, I just let her cry like a child.But I felt relief when she said she thought it would happemeans it didn't happen for some reason, but why?As much as I wanted to ask Jay-jay about it, I knew I coueven explain why it happens, so how could she explain wtime?Her phone rang. She was still crying, so I took her phoneHer bag and belongings were also stained with blood. It  Not this time!IputherphoneonsilentwithoutdecliningthecallIwon

 "He's okay..." I said, forcing a smile.I wiped her tears and the blood on her cheeks."I-I don't understand," she said."Hm?""I saw blood... So much blood, but I didn't pass out or hu"We'll figure that out. But right now, you need to rest andsaid and stood up.I offered her my hand. She grabbed it and stood up, but hand she almost fell. Thankfully, my reflexes were fast, an before she hit the floor."Are you okay?" I asked worriedly."M-my knees are still shaking."Without a second thought, I picked her up in a bridal carup."K-Keifer...""Shut up and let me be a gentleman," I said with a smirkSometimesthisgirldoesn'trealizewhenI'mtryingtobe

 "Nothing. She just needs to clean up and rest."I laid her down on the bed next to Rory's. Now that I coushe had scratches and bruises on her elbows and knees."Ci-N! Get some towels and water!" I ordered.He immediately called a nurse and asked for the things I Yuri approached us and looked at Jay-jay."Jay! What happened? Are you hurt?!" Yuri asked worrieI almost laughed at his expression. He's being too obviouclassmates. He said he didn't plan to reveal what's going and Jay-jay, but here he is, practically shouting it.That f*cking engagement!"I-I'm okay... How's Rory?" Jay-jay asked.Rory, who was just across from her, immediately waved.they looked now, Jay-jay seemed more battered than RorA nurse approached us with the things I asked for. I grabsoaked it in water. I held Jay-jay's face and wiped off theI couldn't help but look into her eyes, but she avoided myunderstoodespeciallysinceYuriwasrightinfrontofus

 They look so weird. If it weren't for what happened, I'd pthese two. I can't tell if they're really helping me or just sI'm so confused! Why didn't what happened before happWhile these two continued what they were doing, the othabout the guys from another school who attacked us."There were so many of them... They wanted Jay-jay, jusRory explained."I'm sure they'll come back," Edrix said."What's weird is why they're showing up now? We've be before without any trouble," Eren said.Yeah, why not before? And why am I their target again? I'm almost at my limit."It's very simple," Keifer interjected. "...Ram has weakenone controlling the gangs in this area anymore."Ram? The guy I hurt before."What do you mean controlling?" Ci-N asked.When it comes to fights, this guy suddenly becomes inte"He'stheonewhocontrolledthemNowthathe'sweak

 Oh... right!That's what the guys who attacked me during the Christmearlier said. Where did that rumor even come from?"What are we going to do now?" Yuri asked, pausing wh"We can take turns watching Jay-jay to make sure no onesuggested."That could work... But we all have our own things to doFelix said."Whoever's available," Drew said."I can do it, 24/7!" Ci-N said, raising his hand."24/7?" Josh asked."I live with them, so it's no problem."My eyes widened at what he said. Crap! They didn't knowEveryone froze and looked at Ci-N."You live with Jay-jay?" Kit asked.Ci-N proudly nodded and looked at us. Suddenly, he hid some reason I couldn't understand.

 Why am I suddenly nervous? I looked at Ci-N for help, bhiding behind Felix.What is this?!

 Chapter 132: KarateDavid's POV"How is she?" Percy asked over the phone."She looked terrified when I found them. I thought she wstabbed because of all the blood, but it turns out she was Rory," I explained.At first, I thought it was just a simple fight between rivalheard one of them mention Keifer's name and call her hisIt's a good thing I followed my instincts. Jay-jay was frozstaring at her blood-covered hands, surrounded by men wRory, on the other hand, was pale and struggling to fight looked weak.If I hadn't arrived, who knows what would've happened t"Why did this happen?! What kind of stupidity did KeifeJay-jay got involved?!" Percy asked angrily.I'm not entirely sure, but I have a strong feeling that his pcoming back for him. Especially now that Ram no longe

 This guy's something else! His anger toward Yuri seems don't know the full story between their group of friends, meddle in things that aren't my business.But I know somehow that Yuri owes him something. Mekeeps making him mad because of Jay-jay. I haven't hearabout Aries, though. Maybe in the future, I'll find out exahappened between them.I was about to go back inside the hospital when I saw mycoming out. Rory was in a wheelchair, and Ci-N was pusMeanwhile, Keifer and Yuri were helping Jay-jay walk.While looking at them, I couldn't help but think of Ella. Trepeating itself in the same section and with the same perJay-jay can handle the true nature of those two and the wwhen things get messy.---**Jay-jay's POV**"Karatey! Karatey!" Ci-N kept shouting while kicking thI swear, I'm going to slap him!He's like a broken record. My ears are about to fall off. I  brain cells are gone. This guy's so annoying!

 "Ci-N!" I called him. "...I'll karate-chop your neck if youThe idiot finally stopped and scratched his head as he wa"Keifer's taking too long," he said."Ugh! Don't expect that jerk to be early. He's even worsewhen it comes to being on time."Ci-N just shrugged. I glanced at the time on my phone. Itand we didn't have classes today because the teachers weI accidentally looked up at the rooftop of the main buildiyou can see it clearly from here, even though it's a bit farAnd there's someone there...Who is that? It looks like they're watching me and Ci-N.  because she's wearing a girl's uniform."Do you see that?" I asked, pointing to the rooftop."Hm?" He looked where I was pointing. "...Yeah, why?""Nothing... Just wondering.""That's Ella," he said boredly while fiddling with someth"Ella?Howdoyouknow?"

 "She did something wrong to me," he said, looking at theElla was still there, watching us. Now she had someone wthink it's Aries."What did she do?""She let her classmates hurt me and didn't do anything. I help, but she just looked away," he explained.I could hear the sadness in his voice. It must've been heaasked a friend for help, but she just ignored him."And that's not all," he added. "...She accused me of steaOh, right! I remember that. Imelda Maldita. She thought with it. Good thing I arrived then, or else Ci-N would've Well, he already was..."Yeah... I remember that.""She was behind it," Ci-N said, looking down.WTF?!!!"H-how did you know?""From Keifer," he almost whispered.

 I was right.Ugh! There's this heavy feeling in my chest, and it's hardthough Keifer said he wants me now, I can't help but feelI stayed quiet and looked away. I didn't want to look at thanymore."Jay-jay!" someone called me.I looked over. "What?" I asked Kit."What do you mean 'what'? Let's go! Keifer's here," he sCi-N and I stood up and walked over to him. When we ethe tables were arranged and pushed to the sides.I saw some of them wearing just t-shirts, like Yuri and K"Karatey 101 begins!" Ci-N shouted while clapping."We'll teach you the basics," Yuri said.I scratched my head. Basics, basics... Pfffttt...Keifer pointed to the spot between him and Yuri. He wanthere. I wasn't really paying attention, so I just followed."We'llshowyouwhatwe'velearnedfirst"Felixsaid

 That's when I realized what they were going to do. Ci-N the notebook out of Felix's hand. No way! It's too high, ashort.Suddenly, Ci-N jumped and spun in the air.He won't reach it! He won't reach it!—HE REACHED ITWow! Damn! Ci-N actually did it. He kicked the noteboohand. I couldn't help but clap in amazement."That was amazing! I want to do that too!" I said."It'll take a while before you can learn that. Let's focus on basics first," Yuri told me."No! That's what I want!""Next time! Basics first!" Keifer insisted."That's what I want!""You're so stubborn! It's not that easy!" Keifer said angri"Then teach me!""Are you stupid?! I said next time!""You'rethestupidone!Youdon'tgetwhatIwant!"

 "One more word, and I'll scold both of you!" he threatenaway.I looked at Mayo, who was still clearly annoyed with me"It's Kapour..." I muttered, which he probably heard."You're so dumb! I said Parkour!" he shouted at me.This jerk! He called me dumb."You're dumber! Idiot!" I shouted back angrily.Everyone suddenly froze, clearly shocked by what I said just say?!"Uh... Jay-jay just cursed," Ci-N said, looking at Keifer.Even I looked at him. I think I know what's coming. Oh nsmirked."Profanity."

 Chapter 133: KissJay-jay's POVI swear, this King of the Idiots!He stole another kiss from me. And the worst part? He dof Yuri.Those useless idiots just stood there, staring at us like fooSo annoying!"Yuri..." I called him.He hasn't been paying attention to me since earlier. He's  because of what Keifer did. I'm in trouble!"Hm?" He glanced at me briefly before going back to his"Hey..." I called him again. "...Why are you ignoring me"Because we're supposed to be studying.""Really? But before—"

 I wanted to ask him again, but I might get scolded by thelooked at my notes, which were just full of doodles. I did because I wasn't paying attention.I tore off a piece of paper and wrote on it:*'Yuri, why?!'*I folded it and quickly handed it to him.He hesitated at first, unsure whether to take it or not. He eyebrow before looking at me and writing a reply.He quickly threw the paper back at me.*'Please! Pay attention to our lesson and not on me.'*Ouch!That hurt! Straight to the core. Okay, since I got embarracrumpled the paper and threw it in my bag.I slumped in my seat, facing the board. So annoying! I mhe just humiliated me.Suddenly, another piece of paper landed on my desk. I knYuri, so I ignored it. He said to pay attention to the lessonthe lesson!

 "Ms. Mariano! If you don't plan to listen, you can leave tteacher said angrily.Oh, great..."B-but Ma'am—""OUT!" she cut me off.I had no choice but to stand up. I glared at Yuri. This is aI walked out with my head down, but I couldn't avoid seeat me.This little brat!I'm going to get back at Ci-N when we get home!Once outside, I went to the side of the room. I headed to trees. I didn't have anywhere else to go.Thanks to Yuri!I sat on the bench where we used to hang out. I suddenlythis was where Yuri first kissed me.Ugh!IgetsoannoyedwheneverIthinkabouthimIt'shisfaul

 I got startled because I thought I was alone outside. I immwhoever scared me."Hahahahaha..."He just laughed! Yuri, you just keep laughing!"Are you happy now?!" I asked angrily.He walked over and sat beside me. I kept glaring at him. annoying!"Sorry you got kicked out because of me," he said."Will your sorry change anything? I'm already outside!" He looked down and scratched the back of his neck. MayI sounded so mean."Why are you here anyway?" I changed the subject."I want to apologize and join you as well."I raised an eyebrow. Join me? Is Yuri crazy? So, he wanthumiliation I just experienced."You're really something, huh? 'Join you as well,' my foo"Iknowit'smyfaultyougotkickedoutItwouldn'tbefa

 I froze. I was right about what I thought earlier."...I know you've never admitted that you love me, but I love with you, and I can't control my jealousy," he addedI bit my lower lip. This is exactly what I was afraid of. Athis would happen eventually."...I'm your fiancé, but I feel like I'm sharing your attentiwas shocked to see a tear fall from his eye.I panicked. I wanted to wipe his tears or stop him from tacouldn't move. It was so awkward, especially since he wUgh!"...I shouldn't be demanding anything from you because,I didn't let him finish. I knew the day would come when about what Keifer was doing. I just didn't think about howhim.I already said before that I agreed to this marriage, and I including giving him a chance to prove his feelings for mAnd I'm ready to prove that.I stopped him from talking in a way I knew wouldn't offeIkidhi

 "J-Jay..." he called me.I waited for him to say something, but I couldn't keep loo"Jay... You pervert! You stole a kiss from me!" he said, mThis guy's so shameless!I slapped his arm hard. He just burst out laughing, whichmore annoyed."You're so shameless!" I shouted at him."Just kidding..." he said, so I stopped.I bit my lower lip. The embarrassment I was feeling—ugI glanced at Yuri briefly. I could see him biting his lip wh"Jay-jay..." he called me. "...Can we do it again?"I glared at him. This guy's crazy!"You're pushing it! I'll punch you!" I threatened, but he ju"Because... Shit! I'm so giddy."I couldn't help but laugh at that. It was the first time I heasomethinglikethat.Hisexpressionwassofunny.

 I nodded, and we stood up. I was about to walk when he my arm and pulled me close to him. He hugged me tightl"Y-Yuri...""Shhh... Please give me this moment," he said, so I stopp"...You don't know how happy I am right now. It's just a means so much to me," he kissed my forehead."...Thank you, Jay!"D-did I do the right thing?!Something feels off. I don't understand what it is, but I fewrong with what I did.He let me go and held my hand. "Let's go..."I pulled my hand back, making him stop."I-I'll stay here for now... C-check if Ma'am is still there.He smiled at me and nodded. He walked away, so I took think.I don't know why I feel like this. What should I do? Did wrong?

 He pinned me against the wall, and that's when I saw whalso see the anger in his eyes. I felt fear for some reason understand."What do you think you're doing?!" Keifer asked angrily"W-what now—""ANSWER ME! DAMN IT!" he shouted, making my chI couldn't hide or deny the fear I was feeling. My knees walmost giving out."W-why are you like this?!" I asked, almost crying.He grabbed my chin with one hand."Y-you're hurting me!" I complained.He brought his face closer to mine. "I told you... You're mwhat you did with Yuri again, you'll pay for it."He let me go, and I couldn't stop my tears. This was the fhim like this."I'll let what you did today slide," he said before walkingI just sat on the floor. The fear I felt was overwhelming. himlikethatagainIcan'thandleitIsawKuyaAngelo's

 Chapter 134: AngerJay-jay's POV"You do it!" I shouted at Ci-N."Come on... What if your cousin sees me? He'll pick a fighe pleaded while kicking his legs in frustration.I scratched my head in annoyance. We've been like this fHe's been ordering me to get ice cream from the kitchen.leave the room because Aries keeps picking fights with hsee each other.It feels like I'm the owner of the room, and he's the one sthe one being ordered around. Nice!"This is so annoying!" I said to him and stood up from sistudy table."Yay! Thanks, Jay!" he said, clapping his hands.Ugh, whatever!

 I continued walking back to my room. When I entered, I happily."Where's the spoon?" he asked as I handed him the ice crOh, great!"I forgot," I said and immediately left the room again.I almost slipped while running. So annoying! I quickly gneeded and ran back to the room.I even passed by Aries, but he didn't pay attention to me.Of course! What else is new?When I got back to the room, I was out of breath from ruCi-N and the ice cream. I was so embarrassed!The ice cream I brought was almost gone. How could he"Hey! You're so unfair!" I shouted at him."Hehehe... You took too long!"In my frustration, I threw the spoon at him, but the little ba ninja. So annoying!"Ihopeyougettonsillitis"Imuttered

 It reminded me of Kuya Angelo."Ci..." I called the Little Brat."Hm?" he replied, still devouring the ice cream."Have you ever seen Keifer really angry? Like, really, reasked him.He's been with Keifer longer, so I couldn't help but ask h"Yeah, of course... Many times," he answered."Really?""Yeah... But the one I can't forget is when he got really msaid, pausing his eating.I adjusted my seat to face him properly."W-what happened?""We didn't know the reason. He was just so angry and keElla was crying and kept trying to stop them," he explainI got another piece of gossip from this kid!That happened during Ella's time. I wonder what caused 

 "No... Yuri's a coward," he quickly replied, making me ra"You're the coward!"He adjusted his seat and faced me properly. He looked sefor him."Yuri's a coward. That's why he always sticks close to Keto fight him," he said, making me freeze."...He doesn't fight fair either. He acts behind our backs wknowing."As Ci-N spoke, I felt something inside me that didn't wanThis is the first time I've heard him talk like this about hiSure, he's told stories before, but never in this way."...That's why I don't like him for you. Don't say yes if headded before going back to eating.Too late! We're already engaged...I turned back to my study table. It felt weird. It's hard to from Ci-N. He's been with Yuri and Keifer longer than I I'm just not sure if this little brat is a reliable source."Let'swatchamovie!"heshoutedpullingsomethingou

 "Ci! That's so gross!" I shouted, covering my nose.The shameless brat farted!"Jay-jay! You're so mean! It's just the two of us here, andme?!"I was about to scold him, but his stomach growled, and h"My stomach hurts..." he muttered, rubbing his belly.I took his laptop. "Go to the bathroom! Hurry up!"He immediately stood up and ran to the bathroom. As soopened his laptop.I know how to use this, at least. I thought I'd fiddle with knew his password.This guy's so dumb with passwords!12345! Hahaha... Welcome Ci-N_Pogi. Pfffttt!! ShameleI checked the movies first to pick one. There were so maknow which one to start with.I also checked the pictures. I saw three folders: 'Randomand 'Secret'. Being the nosy person I am, I opened 'Secre

 She almost ripped my scalp off from pulling my hair so hSomething pushed me to open that folder. There were ab pictures inside.I clicked on one to enlarge it and see it clearly. But I frozwas in front of me.I-it's Kiko!He was lying on the floor, covered in blood and unconschappened?!I clicked next, hoping to find an answer to my question. Banother angle of Kiko's position.I clicked next again. There was a picture of Kiko sitting dothers were in the frame, making peace signs as if nothinthe other guy.W-what?! W-what happened here?!I kept clicking until I came across a video. I played it andThe camera was focused on Kiko, struggling against Kit him down."Beat him up!" Ci-N's voice shouted.

 Suddenly, Yuri and Keifer appeared from the other side, and smoking."You probably know why you're here, right?" Keifer ask"Obviously! So you can gang up on me!" Kiko replied an"You're something else! You really targeted Jay-jay," Yuranother cigarette."She was supposed to be mine! You guys interfered!" KiYuri punched him hard in the stomach.He almost fell to the floor from the pain, but Kit and Erestand.I couldn't understand why they were doing this. I thoughconfronted Kiko that night he tried to attack me. But whythis?"I'm getting impatient! Let's start this!" Keifer shouted, tcigarette butt somewhere.The camera suddenly moved, and I think Ci-N was holdion the other side of Kiko, next to Keifer.When the angle adjusted, I noticed the others lined up in David was first.

 "You messed with the wrong person!" someone shouted."Jay-jay is ours!""Learn your lesson!""Finish him! Finish him! Finish him!" they chanted in unI felt pain for Kiko. I know he did something wrong and have to go this far?Someone else took the camera. Ci-N stood in front of Ki"My turn!" he shouted.He suddenly kicked Kiko in the face. They let him fall tolaughing loudly.He was covered in blood and wasn't moving. His eyes wwas clear he was struggling to breathe.Oh my God!"I'm not done with you yet!" I heard Keifer say before kiknee.Kiko was so weak that all he could do was cry. I could tescream from the pain Keifer caused, but he couldn't.

 "Why did you do that to Kiko?!" I shouted at him.He looked confused at first, but when he saw his laptop ofroze."Ci-N! Why?!"

 Chapter 135: Unexpected VJay-jay's POVShould I go?Maybe not! Maybe I'll just go straight to school. But I neUgh, so annoying!"Jay-jay..." Ci-N called me. "...Keifer's going to scold me"I don't care!" I snapped at him.He's the one who's going to get scolded, not me. These jeeven feel sorry for Kiko and just did that to him.I already talked to Ci-N, and he clarified what I saw in ththeir way of getting back at Kiko for what he did to me.But I couldn't hide my anger at him. Yes, Kiko did somet but what they did was way too much.Wasn't it enough that they hurt Kiko that night they save"Don't go... Keifer might look for you through me. I donsay,"hepleaded.

 "Then do better...""It's not that simple!" he said irritably."Tsk! Just go away!" I ordered him, trying to do a high kI've been practicing that move for a while now. I almost trying to do it, but I still can't pull it off!"Jay-jay, come on!"I quickly flagged down a taxi that was approaching. I gotstopped. I glared at the little brat, who looked like he wawhere he stood."Sir, to Benedict Hospital, please," I told the driver, and The taxi started moving, leaving the little brat behind forfigure out how to explain things to Keifer.Benedict Hospital was quite far. Good thing Ci-N finallyhospital Kiko was taken to. I thought I'd have to force it oI stared out the window. The traffic was light today, and nice. It's a good day for——why do I sound like a reportThe trip took about 20 minutes. My wallet was drained frI should've asked Ci-N for money since this is their fault

 I went straight to the main entrance. A security guard grechecked my bag before letting me in.I approached the information counter—or "Information,"of it said."Good morning... Do you have a patient named Kiko Evlady.She looked at me for a moment and then smiled. "Yes, wclassmate?"She must've noticed my uniform. I just smiled and nodde"Can I borrow your ID?" she asked.I handed her my ID. While she typed on the keyboard, I hospital looked fancy, and there really weren't many peo"One of your classmates just left earlier. You didn't crossstill typing."Ahh... T-they didn't tell me," I lied.She handed my ID back. "I see... He's in Room C9," she "Thank you," I said and was about to walk away when I rknow where C9 was. "Where's C9?"

 When the elevator doors opened, I felt like I wasn't in a hlooked more like a hotel. The hallway was beautiful, withsides.I looked for Kiko's room.C5... C6... C7... C8... C9!I stopped in front of it and took a deep breath. I was nervwas a crazy thing to do.I knocked lightly first. No one answered, so I knocked agresponse, so I gathered the courage to open the door.I moved slowly. The loud volume of the TV greeted me. heard me.The room was big, with a sofa set near the bed. There wasmall fridge, a small dining table, and another door that p bathroom. The bed was in the corner, facing a large windscreen TV."I'll eat later... I'm not hungry yet," Kiko said, facing the I didn't know how long he'd been here. But his appearancHis left leg was in a cast, from his foot to his thigh. This  part Keifer kicked in the video.

 He looked at me, and when he recognized me, he just stathe TV with the remote in his hand.He didn't say anything. He didn't even react. It was hard mad at me."H-how are you?" I asked as I walked closer to him.The question felt awkward."I-I just found out... that this happened to you," I started, breath. "...I-I want to apologize—""Don't," he cut me off."Huh?""Don't apologize. I deserve this," he said, surprising me."But...""What I did is unacceptable. I deserve this," he forced a sone who should apologize to you."I couldn't speak. I just looked at him. It felt like I was seeused to have a crush on again."Please... accept my apology. I wasn't in my right mind bheartbrokenbecauseyourejectedmesoIlostcontrolI'm

 I nodded. I walked around to the other side of the bed ansat down and opened my bag.I took out the food I brought and placed it on the bedside"What's that?" he asked."Sopas... I didn't know what else to bring you. Manang hthis because Kuya Angelo was sick," I explained."Thank you... I'll eat it later."I let him be since he really didn't seem to have an appetitI observed his face and body. He'd lost weight, and his hlonger.We both fell silent. It was awkward because I didn't knowhim.This is so awkward!Suddenly, my phone rang, so I quickly grabbed it from m*King Idiot Calling...*I silenced my phone without answering. I don't want to tadeal with it.

 That confused me. They weren't like this with Ella? Whywith Ella, who's so beautiful?—harsh!"Maybe..." I muttered. I coughed lightly. "...H-how are yWhen can you leave?" I changed the subject."It'll take a while. Approximately 6 to 8 months for my fI'll need therapy," he said.I swallowed hard. Damn! He's been through so much."...I've been here for over a month. So, I still have 5 to 7 here," he added with a slight laugh.I looked down. I felt bad for him. The time he should've wasted lying in this hospital bed."H-how about your studies?" I asked, feeling like it was Expelled, man!"Home schooling... My teacher comes here before 10 a.mlong we'll spend studying," he explained.Wow, he's living the life! Home schooling? I kind of wan"What did Freya say?"ImightaswellaskLet'sgossipabit

 "That girl is something else.""That's just how she is... When someone's no longer usefdiscards them.""Tss... I can tell," I commented, and he laughed lightly."But she wasn't always like that. She just got hurt, and thI looked at him. Freya got hurt? Impossible! She doesn't who'd get hurt."It doesn't seem like she's been hurt, though."He suddenly laughed. "You're really harsh on Freya... Sealways like this. She was our fantasy back in grade schooclass with Mykel. But when we got to high school, she chI suddenly remembered the picture Edrix showed me. Shfantasy back then. She was so beautiful and simple."What do you think happened to her?" I asked.Kiko didn't answer right away. He stayed quiet and thoug"Ask Keifer and Yuri," he almost whispered.I looked at him, confused. It took me a moment to rememKeifer'sfirstgirlfriend

 I couldn't believe it! I felt like my brain was doing somerstunned by what I was hearing.F-Freya... Argh!

 Chapter 136: Falling In LoJay-jay's POV"WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?!" Keifer greeted me angrI scratched the back of my head and looked away. "...I-I "Ci-N said you went somewhere," Yuri added.I immediately looked for the little brat. That idiot! He waoverslept."Y-yeah... T-that's why it took me so long, right?" I madeBut Keifer was still glaring at me. I kept my head down ahim."Why weren't you answering your phone?" he asked ster"B-because... I knew it was you calling," I replied and qufrom him.Hehehe... I'm so bad!"Next time, tell us right away. We were worried about yo

 Oh, come on!Are they ganging up on me now? These jerks!"But where did you really go, Jay?" Kit asked."*Cough*... U-uhm... Just around..." I muttered softly.I couldn't say it properly. I didn't know what place to me"What?" they asked."Uhhh... Around... There..." I dragged out my answer, wareact."If you don't want to say it, then don't!" Keifer said angristraight to his seat.The others let me be and sat down too. Just in time, our narrived.While class was going on, I couldn't help but glance at Ewhat Kiko told me. It seems like he fell in love with the wBut what happened to her that led her to those three?!I also remembered something Rakki told me before. Thasomething between Aries and Freya back then. Could thawastalkingabout?

 "Jay-jay..." Eren called me.I looked at him, and he signaled for me to go outside. I fowe got outside, I thought he needed something, but he pustairs."W-what's up?" I asked him."It's about Mayo..." he said, glancing at the classroom do bugging me. He's asking me to help him with Kit.""Then help him..." I said boredly.That's all it is, and now he's bothering me."I can't... Kit threatened me. If I interfere with him and MGIRLFRIENDS. So, I was hoping..." He paused, waiting"...You could talk to them instead."Me?"I don't think so," I quickly replied. "...I don't even knowthem.""Just say anything... Get them to talk properly. Like, makmen."I frowned. This idiot isn't making sense.

 "Fine... I'll talk to them."He clapped his hands in joy. Afraid of being exposed to hdragged me into this. Tsk!He should be thankful I'm also worried about those two. really complicated. Neither of them can act properly.We went back to the room just as our next teacher arrivenoticed Mayo glancing at Kit, but the latter was acting obSigh...Class ended. Lunchtime! But we're still eating canned fohaven't settled their debts, so Eman can't buy anything ye"I want something with soup..." I heard Ci-N mutter as hfood. "...Sinigang or maybe nilaga.""Next time, maybe this weekend, Eman and I will go grosaid.I usually go with him when he shops. It's a promise I madcould cook for these guys."Jay-jay..." Ci-N called me. "...What happened with yourwhispered.Ildlthi"IttllBditHitl

 He scratched the back of his head, pouting. "I'm just aski"He doesn't look good. He's crippled and can't move prop"Ahh... What a waste..." I heard him mutter.What waste?! This idiot!I immediately pulled his ear. "What do you mean, waste?"Oww... J-Jay! It hurts! Ow!""You were muttering nonsense!""T-that's not what I meant!"I let him go. He was on the verge of tears, rubbing his ea"Stop muttering nonsense," I said irritably."I'll tell Keifer about this," he threatened, mimicking myI glared at him. As if I'd be scared of his threat. He's tryinme?"KeiferJay-jaySwears!" he said quickly, almost unintelligimmediately covered his mouth."Whatdidhesay?"Felixasked.

 "Ci-N," Yuri called Ci-N, but he couldn't answer becausecovering his mouth."Hmm... hmm... hmm..." he mumbled."Huh? What? You want to go out?" I said, pretending to mouth."Hmm... hmmmmm...""Let's go! You want to go out? Let's go! Let's go!" I said dragged Ci outside, still covering his mouth.Once outside, I let him go."I didn't say I wanted to go out," Ci said, scratching the b"You're such a jerk! You almost got me in trouble," I saidI walked a few steps away from him. He followed me. I dmy food because of him.Speaking of food, I saw Josh feeding a black cat. I walketapped his shoulder."Is that your food? Why are you feeding it to the cat?" I a beside him.CiNapproachedthecatandwatchediteat

 He just smiled at me in response. Josh is really weird. Sohim staring at me, and then he'll just smile.He rarely talks. He teases like the others, but he's usually"You're so greedy, Edy," Ci-N said to the cat.Josh and I looked at him, confused."Who are you calling Edy?" Josh asked."This cat.""It doesn't have a name. Don't call it Edy."I looked at the cat, which was still eating. Even though itstill see the dirt on its body.It's a stray!"Where did you get the name Edy?" I asked Ci-N."From its color... It's like the cat in the Eveready battery Edy," he explained with a smile.Oh, right! That black cat in the commercial. This kid's sm"No! You can't call it Edy!" Josh said irritably.

 "Huh?""The ones you saw during the festival night."Mayo and Kit."Hmm... Yeah," I muttered, playing with Edy."Now that you know, what's your plan?"I avoided his gaze. I didn't know how to answer. I don't ehelp them."Just leave them be. Keifer might get mad if he finds outinvolved," he said, looking at me. "...You haven't seen hiWhat the... Why does it feel like he's contradicting me? Ito tell me something I don't understand."What are you trying to say?" I asked him."Mayo and Kit are my friends... It's better if they stop thionly end up hurting themselves," he said.I could feel his concern for his friends, but why does he wfrom fixing things?I suddenly remembered Ella in him. He talked to me liketostopMicaandCalix

 "Aaaggghhhh!!! It bit me!" he shouted, pulling his hand teeth.But the cat seemed really mad at him. It bit down harder "I told you not to do that!" Josh said irritably."Argh! Get Edy off me!" I shouted at Josh, pushing him."His name isn't Edy!"He really had to argue about the name."GET IT OFF!" I shouted."Jay! It hurts!" Ci-N cried, tears streaming down his faceJosh grabbed the cat. He petted it, making it let go of Ci-"There's blood!" I shouted, pointing at his finger."I'm going to die! Rabies!""Stop overreacting!" Josh shouted at him."What the hell?! What is going on here?!" someone shouI looked up and realized the idiots had already come out 

 Chapter 137: PunchJay-jay's POV"I'm going to kill Edy!" Ci-N shouted."His name isn't Edy!" Josh said irritably, trying to keep tCi-N.They've been like this since yesterday. After getting the a N has been acting like he's traumatized and has been looJosh, being clever, held onto the cat and didn't let it go."Leave the cat alone!" I scolded Ci-N."But it bit me, Jay..." he replied, almost crying.I scratched the back of my head. It's his fault for getting b poking it while it was eating."It's your fault," Mayo said, petting Edy's head."I even fed it, and it bit me!" Ci-N complained."It's a cat, not a dog. What's wrong with you?" Josh lectu

 "You're getting too attached to Jay-jay. Maybe you shoulsaid.Ci-N didn't respond but looked at me as if saying, *"Wh problem?"* Yuri walked away, but we were all still starinHe's probably jealous again.Speaking of jealousy, I found myself glancing at Keifer. straight at me. I couldn't tell if he was angry or not.I looked away, but my gaze naturally returned to him forhe suddenly rolled his eyes.Oh, please!His eye rolls are sharper than mine! Ugh, this jerk!"Are you and Yuri together?" Mayo asked me.I shook my head. "N-no.""Why does he act like that? Like he owns you?" Ci-N ad"J-just... B-because..."Tsk! So annoying!It'sYuri'sfault!Idon'tevenknowhowtorespondUgh!

 I stood up and walked away. I heard Ci-N call me, but I ioutside and headed to the second floor of our building.The wind was strong there, and it felt refreshing. When I"Why are you here?" I asked him.He looked at me and forced a smile. "Nothing... I just wa"Same here..." I said and walked closer to him. "...How aHmmm... Mayo?""I don't know. He keeps bugging me, but I really don't wwhat's wrong with me.""There's nothing wrong with you. There's nothing wronggender," I said, making him look at me."It's easy for you to say that. You're not in my position," I froze. He's right. I'm not in his position, so I shouldn't s"Maybe... But you didn't choose this. You became this wHe chuckled lightly. "That's the thing. I wish I was given became like this.""Who knows... Everything happens for a reason."

 "Let's go..." he said.I nodded. We walked together toward the stairs but stoppsomeone. He was staring at us, and I could see a mix of cand anger in his eyes."D-did you kiss Jay-jay?" Mayo asked.Kit didn't answer but kept walking downstairs. He just paquickly followed him."Wait! I'm still talking to you!" Mayo shouted.Kit still didn't listen and kept walking. We were almost aMayo suddenly grabbed Kit's arm.The two exchanged angry looks."Let me go," Kit said firmly."I'm still talking to you!" Mayo replied.Honestly, I didn't know what to do. I'm not part of their lI kept walking toward the room, but as I passed them, a h"Stay here," Kit said.Mayoimmediatelyglaredatme

 I frowned. What is he trying to say?Kit immediately grabbed Mayo by the collar. "Don't talkthat!""Why? It's true! She's no different from Ell-----"A strong punch from Kit silenced him. He fell to the flooshock, which caused the idiots to come out of the room."What happened?!" Edrix asked, immediately helping M"Nothing... He was being rude, so I punched him," Kit sawent into the room.The others stayed behind, and I was left staring at Mayo.up, he pushed Edrix away and glared at me."Let's talk, just the two of us," he said firmly and pulled mothers."W-wait! You're hurting me, Mayo!" I shouted, trying to We stopped near a tree on the side of the building. I yank"What's your problem?!" I said angrily."Do you like Kit?!" Mayo asked angrily.

 "Who tried to kiss you?" someone asked.Mayo and I both looked to see who it was. I breathed a sthought it was Keifer who asked and heard us."...Who?" Edrix repeated his question."N-nothing... Y-you misheard," I replied."But you were shouting----""Edrix! Please!" I pleaded.I didn't want to tell him who it was. It might reach Keiferwhat he'll do to Kit."Does Keifer know?" Edrix asked.I quickly shook my head and walked closer to him. "P-plPlease!""But Jay----""Can you stop meddling?!" Mayo shouted at Edrix.Edrix frowned, clearly not happy with how Mayo was ac"What's your problem?!" Edrix asked irritably.

 "What?! Did you fall for this girl too?!" Mayo said arrogme. "...Nice! Go ahead and seduce the whole Section E. from Ella!""What did you say?! Don't----"I didn't let Edrix finish. There was no point in wasting higuy. I took matters into my own hands.I was so annoyed! Out of all people, he had to compare mcould've chosen someone else."J-Jay... He's bleeding," Edrix said, looking at Mayo on tOh no!I couldn't hold back. So I punched him. But I think I meswas bleeding now.Ugh! I messed up! I punched him too hard. I hope I didn

 Chapter 138: Love HurtJay-jay's POV"How's Mayo?" Edrix asked me as I came out of the clin"He's... being taken care of by the nurse.""Tsk! That punch of yours was strong. It even surpassed him," he said, shaking his head. Seriously?!"He made me mad," I reasoned, but he just laughed at meI sat down in the waiting area outside the clinic. Edrix fowant to go back to the room yet. I'm sure the idiots wouldquestions."What were you and Mayo fighting about?" he asked."N-nothing... It's just... complicated," I replied, avoiding Edrix seemed to get the hint. He didn't ask further and juI heard his phone ring. He took it out, and I immediately his wallpaper.

 "This is my dream..." Edrix almost whispered. "...For herand shout to the world that I'm the one she loves the mosI could feel the pain and struggle in his words. How longhis feelings for Freya?"D-did you ever try to approach her?" I asked.He immediately shook his head while looking at his phon"I can't... She's mad at Section E, right?"Oh, right. And it seems like her anger only grew when I  bumped into her."If only I could help you with her. But we're not on goodforcing a smile.He did the same to me. I wouldn't help him either if we wterms. I still don't know the full story about Freya, Yuri, a"Being in love is hard, huh?" someone asked.We immediately looked toward the clinic door. Mayo waholding a tissue and an ice pack.He sat down beside me. Now I was sandwiched between"UghYourpunchhurtsJay"Mayosaidtome

 "...I just got carried away by my anger," he added."I-I'm sorry for punching you too," I said, smiling back a"It's fine! You two are good now," Edrix said, standing up"...Let's go back to class."Mayo checked the time on his phone. I looked too. We'vfor quite a while."We're already late. Let's just go to the next subject," MaIt was already too late to go back to class now. I'm also fEdrix sat back down. "Alright, let's go later.""Who were you and Edrix talking about?" Mayo asked."Chicks!" I replied, and Edrix immediately glared at me."Girlfriend?" -Mayo"No." -Edrix"The one he's dreaming about." -MeEdrix glared at me again, but I just laughed at him.

 "At least you're like that. She knows I love her, but she asaid, pressing the ice pack to his face."That's even more painful."I kept glancing between them. It was nice listening to thesimple, no drama.I leaned back and sighed. "Being in love is hard," I commMayo and Edrix looked at me."You're having a hard time, and you already have two guyou," Edrix said, making me frown at him."You have Yuri, and then there's Keifer," Mayo added.W-what? Wait!"Maybe she likes someone else. Not one of them." -Edrix"Maybe... Who is it? Tell us." -MayoOh no!"Keifer will get mad at you." -Edrix"Poor Yuri. He'll be heartbroken again." -Mayo"Stopit!"Ishoutedatthem"Ijustjoinedyourdrama!

 The two of them were clearly waiting for my answer. Bu"If I were you, I'd choose Yuri," Mayo suddenly said, maat him."Why Yuri?" Edrix asked."Keifer doesn't stand a chance. The problem with him is comes to girls. Even if Yuri is the only one left among hitook Ella from him," Mayo explained.It felt strange. The way Mayo talked about Keifer now wCi-N talked about Yuri before.Yuri once mentioned that Keifer is selfish when it comesthough two people have said it and I've experienced it myto believe."Took her? Who did Keifer take from Yuri?" Edrix asked"Ella! Yuri was the one she should've chosen. But Keifershe ended up with him."Yuri was supposed to be the one?But Yuri said Ella never loved him. So how did it happensupposed to be the one?"HdidYidbith?"Ikd

 "H-hi... Why are you here? Don't you have class?" she as"This one's at fault," they both said, pointing at me."Huh?!""Hahahaha... You guys skipped class and dragged Jay-jayteased."No! Jay-jay's really the one at fault," Mayo said, pointin"That's karma..." Rakki said, turning to me. "...How's Ci-heard he's staying with you now."Aww... Someone misses him."He's fine... Especially if he learns how to do his laundryhimself," I replied.I'm the one who does his laundry. It's so embarrassing foThe feeling of not doing my own laundry but doing his inLazy!"Don't expect that from him. Even getting water, he'll jusdo it," Rakki said.Evenwithushe'slikethatIt'ssotemptingtopunchhim

 "Probably stressed... Her problems are piling up," Mayo I looked at him, confused. "Problems?"Mayo glanced at the clinic door before looking back at m"Ever since Rakki sided with us, Section A blocked theirshe's scrambling to get back the benefits meant for them,Poor Rakki. She's the president of her section, so the respfalls on her."Don't tell Ci-N about this," Edrix suddenly said."Why?""Do you want more chaos?" he replied sarcastically.True, who knows what that kid would do. Aside from picSection A, he might even confront the guidance counseloWe talked about a lot of things. Mostly about our classmstrong connections.From them, I also found out that Josh lost his girlfriend. when, but since then, Josh has been acting weird.Drew, on the other hand, has been sneaking into a nearbyThatjerk!Hestillhasn'tpaidhisdebtandnowhe'sback

 We slowly turned around. The King of the Idiots was stacrossed and glaring at us.I forced a smile, but it didn't seem to work."Get back to class... NOW!" he shouted, and we quickly  back to the room."This is your fault, Jay-jay!" Mayo said as we ran.I glared at him. "You're the one who started it!""Enough! Keifer's coming! We're in trouble!"

 Chapter 139: TridentJay-jay's POV"Jay... Ice cream..." Ci-N whined, but I ignored him."Ice cream... Ice cream..."He's been bugging me for a while now. I'm annoyed becaasking me to get him food. He doesn't even clean up aftelazy!"Jay... Jay... Jay... Jay... JAY!" he shouted.I slammed my hand on the study table. He's so annoying"Enough! It's late! Go to sleep!" I shouted at him.Suddenly, he started sniffling and rolled on the floor."Jay-jay's being mean to me!" he said and started crying.Oh, crap!Why does this Little Brat seem to have more influence n by a cat, and now he's acting like this.

 I went straight to the kitchen. But when I got there, therecream. Aries had taken the last one. I even caught him grwhile holding the ice cream I was supposed to get."Can I have that instead?" I pleaded.He just looked at me and rolled his eyes as he walked pastingy! No more ice cream. I'm in trouble with the Little Brat. I wroom and slowly opened the door, hoping he was alreadyBut no luck, he was awake. Wide awake. Alive and kicki"My ice cream!" he said."It's gone."He started sniffling and rolling on the floor again.I just scratched the back of my head."I'll just buy you some," I said and quickly grabbed my pfrom the table.Suddenly, he stopped crying and stood up.Huh?

 I was left speechless, amazed by this brat. He's somethinnothing to say.I walked out without saying goodbye. They might alreadgrabbed my bike from the garage.The road was dark, but thanks to the streetlights, I could going. Next time, I'll buy a flasher for my bike so I can riconfidently at night.This Little Brat is such a hassle!I headed to the Mini Mart near our house. It's open 24/7, anytime.I parked my bike and went inside. There weren't many pealready late.I had the Mini Mart to myself!While I was looking at the ice cream, I felt someone's predidn't move immediately, trying to sense what they woulI also looked at the reflection on the glass door of the fridthe person's face, but it was hard to make out."You're taking too long to choose," the person behind meWit!It'

 He suddenly laughed. "Because you looked so serious. Yice cream, but you're staring like it's a life-or-death decis"I'm choosing!" I said irritably and turned back to the fridAnnoying!"Do you have something to do?" he asked.I shook my head without looking at him. I was still tryingfavorite flavor.Rakki—I mean! Rocky Road!Rocky Road! Where's the Rocky Road?! I'll just slap it inface."Do you want to eat first? My treat," David said.I immediately turned to him and smiled. "Let's go... The wait."He smiled back and shook his head. It's rude to refuse frefree. You don't get freebies like this often.I just got juice and a pre-heated sandwich. I'm still full, swaste too much."Didyoucomeoutjustforicecream?"heasked

 "What about you? Why are you out?" I asked him."I can't sleep. Overthinking, I guess," he replied, looking"Why?""I don't know.""About what?""Lots of things.""Just tell me!" I insisted."You won't understand. It's just some random stuff."I pouted. He really doesn't want to talk, so there's nothingI just focused on eating the sandwich in front of me. Whimy phone. I took it out of my pocket and saw the name othe Idiots.**From: King Ulupong****Message: Where are you?**I frowned. I had no intention of replying to that jerk. Whwhere I am? Acting like he's my boyfriend, even more thfiancé

 Oh, come on! There he goes again with his "instinct." It'sHow do I get an instinct like that?I drank some juice, hoping it would stop me from chokin"Are you and Keifer together?"I almost spat out the juice and nearly threw up right thereDamn it!My throat hurts! Ugh! It burns!"S-sorry..." David said, helping me and handing me a tiss"Damn *cough* it!"He suddenly laughed. If I weren't tearing up from chokinhim with my glare.This guy's questions are so sudden!Once I felt better, I drank again. I did it quickly in case Dquestion.It really hurts!"Yourclothesgotwet,"hesaid,handingmeanothertissu

 "Huh?""Your eyes! Stop staring!""S-sorry... It's just your necklace. Why is there a ring witI touched the necklace. The engagement ring. They don't"I-it was given to me, but I can't wear it, so I just put it henodded, accepting my answer."...W-who gave you this necklace, by the way?" I changedidn't want him asking who gave it to me; I wouldn't kno"You're so slow..." he said, making me frown. "...Even nono clue."Damn it!"Just tell me!"He took a deep breath and leaned closer to me."What's written on the box?" he asked."Nothing... Except for the symbol of Poseidon's Trident,"Exactly! That's your clue."

 I shook my head. "Poseidon has so many children in Gre"You don't know anyone?""The only one I know is the fictional character Percy JacYou're so slow, Jay-jay!I looked at David, who was smiling at me as if saying, *"Google is a thing, but it's like I don't know how to use it.right away. Ugh!But wait! If Percy sent this..."Do you see Percy?" I asked him."No... He just sent it to me.""B-but you talk to him?" I pressed.David stared into my eyes. Damn it! My head hurts fromAnd here's the answer right in front of me.Oh, this is intense!"He calls whenever he wants. We don't have complete coreplied, and I almost melted.

 "I can send him a message, but I can't guarantee he'll reptook out his phone.He typed a message and pointed the camera at me."Smile," he said.But before I could even smile, I heard the camera click. U"Don't ruin it!" I said irritably."Sent," he said and put the phone down in front of him.We just stared at it for a few minutes. I really wanted to gand bombard Percy with messages.Damn it! He's such a tease!I finished my sandwich and juice. I even ate David's foodstill no reply. Until suddenly, the phone lit up, and a mesMessage."*David took his phone and read the message. He hesitatedout loud.I stared at him intently, so he had no choice. But I froze wcontent of the message he was reading."RemovethatringfromthenecklaceOrIwillkillYuri

 Chapter 140: Why and WhJay-jay's POV"Ahhh!" Ci-N exclaimed. "...Why do your eyes look likeI touched the area under my eyes. My eye bags had eye bUgh, so annoying!Percy hadn't replied after his last message. I almost snatc begging him to help me.But David refused to help anymore. He insisted on drivinno choice but to cry. He even bought food for Ci-N, but h because he was already asleep when I got home."I didn't sleep well," I replied and headed straight to the bcouldn't sleep.I tried closing my eyes and counting sheep, goats, horsesand dogs in my head, but nothing worked. My head was  body felt so heavy.What I still couldn't understand was why he sent that mewrong send? But that's impossible.

 find what he was looking for."What are you looking for?" I asked."The thing that's ringing."As soon as he said that, my eyes automatically searched That's mine! That's my ringtone!I flipped over my bed, but it wasn't there. Then I glancedCrap!I threw my phone in frustration last night. I was so upset phone was useless, so I tossed it in the trash.I quickly grabbed it and checked who was calling.**King Ulupong Calling...**I glanced at Ci-N before answering."Hello," I said as soon as I picked up.["Kindly explain why you're not answering any of my phmessages."] His authoritative voice demanded."Huh? W-what... I mean... Uh." That was all I could say backofmyneck

 Oh, right! I checked the wall clock. Good thing it was sti"Y-yes... I'm going. Why?"["Meet me after."] He said, and then the call ended abrupRude?!This jerk! He's bothering me this early in the morning. I remind him about our grocery trip. He said he'd come wiBut he looked serious, staring at his phone."Hey... What's wrong?" I asked."I can't go with you guys."I gave him a puzzled look. "Huh?""I'm meeting with Rakki and... my sister."I just nodded. I wanted to ask what it was about, but I chhad a strong feeling it was something serious.He went to the bathroom to wash his face. I changed my came out, I invited him to have breakfast.On our way, we ran into Aries, who—as usual—gave us 

 Wait, what?!When I returned to the room, he was already getting dreslooked so put together! When he dresses like this, he doeat all.I took a quick shower too. I moved fast, even while gettithe house together, but Ci-N was the one who left first. I at the corner, waiting for my ride.While waiting, I noticed a group of men smoking at the oHere we go again!They were staring at me and whispering among themselvcould make a move, a loud car horn shattered my eardrumCrap! It's Eman!"Get in!" Eman shouted.I scowled as I got into the passenger seat. I already knewthe shotgun seat. Who else but the guy who deserved to bshotgun.Blaster?!"What are you doing here?!" I asked, surprised.

 I shook my head. "No... They didn't do anything to me."So early in the morning, and they're already looking for aare something else.Eman just shrugged and started the car. We headed to theAfter parking, we went straight to the supermarket. Therof us, so there wasn't much chaos.Eman held the list, while Blaster and I pushed the cart. Wnoticed the phone Blaster was holding.The wallpaper was a picture of a beautiful girl.I elbowed him. "Who's that?""Huh? Uh... My best friend," he replied.His best friend?"The one who's... Kei's girlfriend—""Yeah," he cut me off and walked away. No wonder Keigan was so protective. She's really pretty.Yeah, right!WecontinuedshoppinganditwentquicklysinceEman

 Then I remembered we were supposed to meet later. An my head. I grabbed the jar of lollipops."You're paying for that," Eman said."Yeah, yeah... It's for me anyway."We continued shopping. Once Eman confirmed we had eheaded to the cashier.The line was long."This is going to take a while..." Blaster said, turning to mme first. I need to buy something from a stall over there.I looked at the line. It was long, and the person in front oitems.I nodded. "Sure... This will take a while.""You're leaving me?!" Eman said irritably."Then come with us... Let's go!" Blaster urged him.Eman just gave him a dirty look. We said goodbye and hEman didn't seem like the type to pick fights like the othmature. But when he felt like messing with someone, he badastherest

 But it seemed true because across from them sat Rakki aresembled Ci-N and his brother.She was stunning and looked sophisticated.I wasn't sure how long they had been talking or how longstaring, but their expressions were very serious.Suddenly, Ci-N stood up and approached Rakki. I thoughsay something, but he leaned in and kissed him."Ooohhh... Ooohhh.." I called out to Blaster.I suddenly forgot his name. The salesperson he was talkime."What's wrong, Jay?" Blaster asked.I couldn't speak. I just pointed to where Ci-N and Rakki "Nice! Looks like the youngest in Section E is all grown quickly taking out his phone to take a picture.That little brat!"...Let's go. They might see us," Blaster said, grabbing sosalesperson.ButIcouldn'tmoveIwantedtoseewhatwouldhappen

 "You look ridiculous, Jay..." Blaster commented, making"...Smiling to yourself. People will think you're crazy."I just glared at him. Who cares if I'm smiling because of When we got back to the supermarket, Eman was next in joined him."Emaaaannn..." I called out to him, still giddy."What's wrong?" he asked."Because we saw Rakki and Ci-N—""They kissed," Blaster cut me off.Show-off!I glared at him. I was supposed to be the one to say that. annoying."Nice!" Eman commented."At least Ci-N scored. Unlike someone here who's still stwith his girlfriend," Blaster teased.There were only three of us here. Obviously, it wasn't meagirlfriendItwasn'tthecashiereithersincewedon'tkn

 Chapter 141: New York Jay-jay's POV"...Admit it, man! You're really weak!" Blaster teased."Leave me alone!" Eman snapped back.They've been like this since we were at the cashier, all thto the parking lot.I was the one apologizing to the people who were staringthese two."Woohh! Virgin!" Blaster shouted, and I couldn't help bulaughing."Hahahahahaha..." There was nothing wrong with what hlaughed because Eman looked so annoyed."You jerk! I told you to stop!" Eman yelled, his face turnWhy is it so funny when guys tease each other like this? it, it feels so serious and annoying."Why?Areyouembarrassed?Becauseyou'restillavirg

 I should've checked the caller ID first. Pffttt..."Y-yes..."["Don't go anywhere. I'll pick you up."] He said and hungSo rude!*I'll pick you up?* Does he even know where I am? Mayhim.Speaking of the two, they were still arguing. I walked ovlooked like they were about to throw punches."I'll go ahead. I have somewhere else to be," I told them."Where? I'll drive you," Eman offered."It's nearby."They both nodded. I took the jar of lollipops from them. since Blaster had something else to do.I watched their car drive away. Just as they disappeared, GTR appeared.Rich people, huh?"Getin"hesaidassoonashearrived

 The ride was short because of how fast he drives. He paralongside his other cars. I looked at the other vehicles neI'm so jealous."Keifer... You're rich. Can I have one of these?" I asked, He looked at me seriously. "Which one?"Wait, what? He said *which one*?!"Are you serious?!""Yeah... Just make sure you don't marry Yuri. I'll give yohe said, crossing his arms.I looked at his cars and his mansion. Maybe I don't wantall. The payoff is huge.Hehehehe, just kidding!"Bleeehhh..." I replied."Tss." He smirked. "...Even without all these, you'd still eSo arrogant!"In your dreams!" I shot back.HejustlaughedandshookhisheadSofullofhimselfY

 We went to their basement, the mysterious hangout of thThis was where Keigan brought me before when I was lo"What's that you're carrying?" Keifer asked.He was talking about the jar of lollipops. I handed it to hHe took it, looking puzzled."I remembered you had a lollipop in your mouth the firstsaid, smiling.He was silent for a moment, as if thinking."I remember. Those were the times I tried to stop smokinraised the jar slightly. "...as a substitute, but it didn't workI nodded. Right! That was when I hadn't seen him or Yur"...but thanks anyway. It's a shame, though."I looked at him, confused. "A shame?""It's not the kind of sweet I want to substitute for cigarettThe first thing that came to mind was Lips candy. But thdifferent about the way Keifer was looking at me.

 We kept walking. When we opened the door to their mysEdrix, Rory, and Felix were there."Hi Jay!" They greeted me."Hello, what's up? Why are you guys here?" I asked, sittithem."Why? Is it bad? Do you want Keifer all to yourself?" EdI smacked the back of his head. This guy's so annoying!I was asking a simple question."That hurt..." He complained, rubbing his neck."Serves you right... I asked you a simple question."Rory and Felix chuckled a little. Keifer sat across from uof alcohol.Alcohol again!Does this guy have a drinking problem? Every time I seea bottle or a glass of alcohol.But honestly, it takes a lot for him to get drunk. His liversteel.

 "Are you kidding me?" I asked irritably."Huh?""How can I tell it's my dad? He's facing away!"Edrix scratched his head and started clicking something oIn the next picture, everything changed. My annoyance wdisappeared. All my attention was on the laptop screen.It was Dad!He was wearing golf attire, looking into the distance. I wthe picture was taken, but it was clearly him.Edrix clicked next, and the picture changed. Dad was in facing someone dressed similarly.The picture changed again, and this time he was at a longmen in business suits.Edrix kept showing me pictures, and I'll admit, I didn't wBut he had to because some of the pictures started repeatEdrix only had a few."W-where did you get these pictures?" I asked."Somefromabusinessmagazineothersfromanewswe

 I was stunned. A businessman? Dad's rich? But if he's wehe done anything to see me?I couldn't understand. My head was hurting again. It felt  between me and Dad was growing wider."...He's currently in New York right now," Rory added.It felt heavy. I had no idea what his life was really like."Aside from that... We have something else we want to schimed in.Edrix clicked something on the laptop. A folder opened, of Dad appeared, but this time he was with someone.P-Percy?I looked at Felix. He didn't react, but I knew he had ques"H-he's with Percy?"Edrix showed a few more pictures, and they looked like They were golfing, laughing, eating at a restaurant, and lfamily.Aside from feeling confused, I also felt jealous. I wantedlike that too.

 I ran my fingers through my hair. Tears started falling onso heavy. I really wanted to get to know Dad, and then I with Percy.Percy, who I've faced and talked to several times."Jay..." They called me."I'm okay... It's just unfair," I said.Felix handed me a tissue. I looked at Keifer, who was alsseriously."Thank you... At least I have a clue about him now," I sa"But you don't look happy about it," he said."I am happy... I'm just annoyed. It only adds to my quest"I know... It makes you frustrated."I nodded. It's true. The questions keep piling up, but ther"...But no matter what happens, we'll help you find answquestions."

 Chapter 142: MessageJay-jay's POVIf my eyes had a mouth, they would've been cursing me nfrom the layers of eye bags, I've added even more.Thankfully, I haven't seen Tita or Kuya yet. Otherwise, thwith questions again."Did something happen?" Ci-N asked me.I just shook my head. "N-nothing..."he put down what he was carrying and sat beside me. Evwere no more tears, I kept wiping my eyes."Jay... What happened?" he asked."I found out something about Dad.""Shouldn't you be happy?"I forced a smile. "I am happy. It's just that the situation isTears were threatening to fall again.

 I grabbed a pillow and smacked his face with it. he didn'tkept hitting him with the pillow."Hahahahaha... Ouch! Hahahahaha... W-wait! Hahaha StHow am I supposed to stop if he won't stop laughing?We both got tired eventually, so I stopped. This little bratmoment."You're so annoying," I said irritably."S-sorry... I'm just not used to seeing you sad," he said, sWell, I'm not used to being sad either. The Ulupongs are and it's contagious.Even though what Ci-N said had no connection to what Iit still managed to lighten my mood."What happened with your errand earlier?" I changed the"U-uh... It's fine," he replied, avoiding eye contact.I suddenly remembered what happened earlier. I couldn'twasn't sure if I should tease him about it or keep it to my"Ahhh..." I said, nodding.

 Condo units? Penthouses? Apartments?What's this? It looked like a brochure of places to live. Testimated prices at the bottom of each page."Why do you have this?" I asked Ci, who was changing c"My sister gave it to me... She told me to pick one. She'll"Huh? Get it for you? Why?" I asked, confused.he looked serious as he stared at what I was holding."I can't go back home anymore. Mom wants me to maturthey think is the solution," he explained.WTF?!Did they forget Ci-N is only 14 years old? And what's thAre they serious?I felt sad. I thought we'd be laughing and teasing each othhappened earlier. But it seems like he came back with ba"What's your plan?""I don't know, but it might be better this way. Nothing's rsince I was practically alone at home anyway. Except forcouldbossaroundandmesswith"hesaidforcingasmi

 "Can you apply to be my maid?" he said, grinning mischOh, come on!This brat really knows how to ruin the moment. I grabbeimmediately smacked him with it. I thought he was goingserious."Just kidding!" he said."You're so annoying... You ruined the moment." I put thesat beside him. "...When are you moving? Will someone "Impatient much?! I still have to pick a place to live!" heeyes at me.I couldn't help but laugh at his expression. Sometimes, Cquestionable. If it weren't for what I saw earlier, I might'vlike Mayo and Kit.Someone knocked on the door. It opened, and Tita Gema"Jay... Let's go. It's dinner time," she called us, smiling.Ci suddenly stood up and ran out. Tita just laughed at him"What about you, Jay?""I'llfollow"Isaidsmiling

 ["About what? Can we talk about it in person?"]"There's no time... Can you just tell----"["I'll come to you. Where are you?"] he insisted."No! Please, David... Just tell him for me."I heard him sigh.["What do you want me to tell him?"]I held onto my necklace. "Tell him this... 'If you have no me who you really are, then don't show up or make yoursagain.'"["I'll pass it on."] he replied and hung up.This is for the best. I'm only getting more confused by wobvious he doesn't want to admit his intentions or who heIt's just frustrating.+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++**David's POV**["...I can't blame her."] Percy said.

 "Just get back here as soon as you can." I said and endedI don't know exactly what happened to Jay-jay or why shknow Keifer did something to make her say it.Last night, she was practically begging me to call Percy, doesn't want to talk to him anymore.Percy...I want to end my contract with him. I just hope he comes++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++**Percy's POV**I really want to go back. I want to see Jay-jay and explain"Sir." Someone called me.I just looked at him boredly."...Your Mom is waiting for you."When will this end?I stood up and walked to their office. It's not far, but it feto reach their door.

 I just nodded shortly. I waited for them to finish their conI stood near the glass window. I could see the cars and pelooked like toys and ants from where I was standing."Percy... What did your doctor tell you?" Mom suddenly"Same old, same old." I answered boredly."Did he give you new medication?" Tito Jasfher asked."Nope... He said my body is responding well to the first mme.""Tell us immediately if you feel pain in your spine againI forced a smile and nodded. Stupid spine! Why can't youwhen I thought I was okay and could get closer to her, thWe had to come here for therapy and surgery.That accident.It changed my life. Literally. It killed Percy Rey Collins Percy Rey Mariano. Which is stupid!It took me away from my friends, my family, my girlfrieused to have. In exchange for all that, I have this now.

 I knew what it was for. My hands itched to grab the envegive it to me eventually, but I couldn't wait.We reached the basement parking. As soon as we got in t been waiting for.Tito handed me the envelope."Finally..." I said.I opened it and looked at the contents. It was a picture, a "What's the update on Jay-jay?" Tito Jasfher asked. Nothing new, she's going to school. Walking with that kihome with food.I suddenly stopped when I saw something new."This one..." I started and handed the picture. "...She visiBenedict Hospital.""Does it indicate who it is?" he asked while staring at the"No."Mom started to laugh at us. "Both of you look like stalke"Canyoublameme?I'mherDad"Heansweredsoundi

 Chapter 143: Sunday MornJay-jay's POV"...So you go to church?" I greeted Ci-N as he came out o"Only sometimes. Someone just invited me today," he reAyyyiieeehhhh...I already knew. No need to ask further. It's none other thaDiego.I glanced at my phone when I heard it ring.Yuri Calling...I stepped out of the room. I didn't want Ci-N to know Yuknows what he might think."Hello?" I answered almost in a whisper.["Are you busy?"] he started."N-not really... Why?"

 ready.I went back into the room and immediately sat on the bednothing happened."Do I look okay?" Ci-N asked."You look fine.""Do I look like 'That's my Bae' material?" he said while f"Are you going to church or a fashion show?"He scratched his head and pouted. "I'm going to church.""Then get out already! You look fine!" I said irritably.Just leave already!A few minutes were wasted just talking to him."Okay, okay... I'm leaving now," he said, checking his waHe walked toward the door. I thought he was finally leav back to me."Are you sure I look okay?" he asked."YES!YOULOOKHANDSOME!"Ishouted,andhesm

 I immediately ran to the bathroom and took a quick showhurry too.I just put on pants and a t-shirt. I was in a rush and didn'tto wear.I ran out of my room and headed to the living room. Tita"Jay... Where are you off to?""To... To... To... Church----""Ma'am, there's someone outside waiting for Miss Jay-jainterrupted before I could finish.It's Yuri!"Who's----""I'm leaving, Tita!" I shouted and quickly ran outside.I didn't wait for Tita's response. When I got outside the gunderdressed compared to Yuri.He was wearing something semi-formal, while I was justgo back and change?"Jay!" he called out when he saw me. "...Shall we go?"

 Oh my! Such a gentleman! Not like that other guy. So---Haaaaiiiizt! Don't think aboYuri started the car as soon as he got in. I thought he wassomewhere far, but we just went to the nearest church.I hope Ci-N didn't go to church here."Are we going to church here?" I asked as I looked at the"Of course... Don't you want to?" he asked while parking"Not really... I expected you to take me to a Buddha tempHe raised an eyebrow."...Because you're Japanese, right? Japan is Buddhist, isnHe suddenly burst out laughing, even hitting the steering"What year were you born? It's the 21st century, Grandmeverywhere now," he said, talking to me like I was somecouldn't understand.I pouted. "How was I supposed to know?"He just shook his head. He opened the car door and got o

 "Okay?" he asked, confusing me. "...Okay, right? Can yohand now?"This guy!We were already sitting, and he was still holding my hanenjoying it.He looked at our hands. I thought he'd let go, but he just tightened his grip."Hey. Are you going to let go or not?""Just let me hold it," he pleaded, pouting.I shook my head. "Stop that. It doesn't suit you."He leaned closer to me. I thought he was going to do sommade puppy eyes and pouted again."Doesn't it suit me?" he said.I was about to laugh at his expression, but someone else looked over and saw a group of girls staring at us and gigOh... Are we that close, ladies?Yuri suddenly straightened up and looked forward, becomlettinggoofmyhand

 While listening to the priest, I couldn't help but glance atwho had laughed at Yuri earlier.They kept looking at us—or more accurately, at Yuri. Thgiggle.Seriously? Did you come here for mass or what?I slightly elbowed Yuri to get his attention."What?" he whispered."You have a fan club," I replied, subtly pointing at the grHe seemed to understand immediately and looked at them"Just ignore them," he said.I followed his advice. But there are times when you just others act. Now they were targeting me. How did I know? They'd lodown and then laugh.Hey!This is so annoying! We're in church, for crying out loudFor I am a sinner... A sinful creature...

 "Look at your fan club and laugh," I instructed."Why?""Just do it," I insisted.The idiot forced a laugh and looked at them. But this Yurcharm, suddenly giggled, causing the people around us t"Behave," I whispered again."Sorry... I couldn't help it."Ugh! I shouldn't have paid attention to them in the first p just embarrassing ourselves. So annoying!I forced myself to ignore the other group. Until it was timWe lined up, and as luck would have it, the group of girlline across from us.Seriously?!They were all trying to act cute for Yuri. And this guy, sime, I couldn't see if he was playing along.I suddenly lost my appetite. So annoying! I left the line aalone. The nerve of him, he didn't follow me.

 Hm?"Come on... Open your mouth," he insisted.Even though I was confused, I did as he said. I was surprsuddenly placed the host in my mouth."That was supposed to be for me, but I decided to give itsaid with a smile.I was speechless.I was stunned for a moment. But you're not supposed to gsomeone else. Yuri's in trouble if anyone finds out.I forgot about the group of girls earlier. Until the mass finHe held my hand, and we walked out of the church toget"Where do you want to go?" he asked me."A-anywhere.""Are you sure?"I just nodded. I had no idea where to go on a day like this"How about a motel?"

 He was quiet for a moment, thinking. He also checked thwatch."Let's just cook something."

 Chapter 144: SundateJay-jay's POV"...Fried chicken?" I asked."Legs!" Yuri replied."Same here... Do we need seasoning mix?""Probably... Let's grab some," he said, picking up a packWe were currently at the supermarket. We decided to justoo tiring to go somewhere else, and I might just run intothose girls earlier. Ugh!We were looking for other things to buy aside from whatcook."Snacks? Should we grab some?" he asked, pointing at th"Sure... Sure..."We went to the junk food aisle and started grabbing stuffcouple doing this. It's actually kind of fun.

 I nudged Yuri, who was waiting for the cashier to finish."Where are we going to cook?" I asked him."At my place... We can't do it at yours. Aries and I mightfighting."He had a point there. They might clash. Better not risk itwe're having fun with what we bought.The cashier finished, and Yuri paid. I didn't contribute an pointing out what to buy.We headed straight to the parking lot where his car was. groceries into the passenger seat."Let's go... Let's cook our lunch," he said, starting the carWe were quiet during the drive, but I noticed him smilingHe's gone crazy!"Hey! What's wrong with you?" I called out to him."Huh?""You're smiling to yourself.""OhhahahaSorryI'mjustexcited"

 STOP! Don't think about him, Jay! Yuri's with you now. wrong!I quickly got out of the car and grabbed our groceries, bufrom me."I'll handle it...""Let's split it," I said, trying to take one of the bigger bag"I've got it. I can manage," he insisted.I let him be. No point arguing with him. He's stubborn likWe walked to the elevator. As the doors closed, I suddensomething.My hand automatically rose, and I slapped Yuri hard on tneck."Ouch! Why?!" he asked, startled."You jerk! I finally figured out what 'baka' means! It tookI said angrily.I heard Calix say it to Felix once, and I suddenly remembto me when I accidentally hit his... you know... that thing brought me to his place.

 He was quiet for a moment, thinking. He seemed to remerubbed the back of his neck and looked down."W-well... I was just mad back then. Sorry," he said, forcThis guy!At least now I know. If he ever says that to me again, he'from me."Baka! Baka! Baka!" I shouted at him.Suddenly, his face turned serious. He seemed annoyed by"Jay-jay..." he started. "...Aishiteru."Huh? What did he say?!I immediately raised my fist to punch him. "Are you insuHe suddenly burst out laughing. Oh no! He's completely him seriously, and he just laughs at me. There must be sowith his brain."I'll teach you a few Japanese words," he said."Why?""BecauseifItakeyoutoJapanyoumightjuststartpick

 Ahhh... Konnichiwa."Konnichiwa..." I said."Konbanwa means Good Evening."This is actually easy. I thought it would be harder. Yuri uon the phone, and it sounded like alien language to me."How do you say 'Thank you'?" I asked."Arigatou Gozaimasu..."(N/A: Gozaimasu is pronounced as gozaimas)Suddenly, the elevator doors opened. I didn't even noticetrying to repeat what he said, but I didn't get it right."What? Aribato nilamas?!"He suddenly stopped and looked at me. Just as I looked omaids standing there.Oh no!I said it so loudly too. They were all looking at me, probawhat I just said.IbitmylowerlipandquicklywalkedclosertoYurihidi

 I didn't even notice where we were going until we reachehad a modern vibe, except the floor was still wooden, anstill Japanese-style."You handle the chicken, I'll take care of the pasta," he sour groceries.He said he was going to cook spaghetti. No one's birthdacooking.He grabbed something from a small drawer near him. Heand surprised me by putting an apron on me."So you don't get dirty," he said.I just nodded. They even have this? At home, I just wearcook. Sometimes I even look like a rag.While preparing, I kept repeating the Japanese word for 'want to mess up again and have someone hear me."Ariga-to... Go-go-go..." I whispered."Arigatou Gozaimasu..." Yuri corrected."Arigato Golaymas," I said, and he burst out laughing.Pffttt... So annoying!

 "A-ri-ga-tou," he said, and I followed."A-ri-ga-tou.""Go-zai-masu.""Go-zai----" I didn't get to finish.Oh my!His lips were already on mine. He took advantage of the And me, like an idiot, didn't even stop him. I was frozen  Nice!This guy's something else. He just steals a kiss out of nowreally timed it while we were doing something.He pulled away slightly and looked at me. He even smilelip with his thumb."I'll teach you again next time. But now, let's continue cogoing back to what he was cooking.I, like a fool, went back to what I was doing, even though blank. I think I was shocked by what Yuri did.My heartbeat wasn't normal either. Ugh! What's wrong wkeepfeelinglikethis?Idon'tknowhowlongI'vebeenli

 I felt bad, so I helped too. I started cleaning up as well. I of the trash.While cleaning, I didn't notice some of the utensils. Suddof my palm."Ahhh..." I screamed, immediately holding my hand.I looked at what I had touched. Crap! There was a knife tYuri immediately came over to help me."Blood... Tsk!" Yuri said.My whole body automatically started shaking. It felt likewith cold water. I could feel the blood flowing from the whand.Damn it! Why now?"Hold still... I'll just get----""NO!" I shouted, stopping him. "...No! D-don't leave!"I pressed hard on the wound. I couldn't look. I was scaredhappens again? I closed my eyes."I-I'll just get the first aid..."

 True, it's small. Far from my gut. But I couldn't help beinhappens again? What if I lose control and hurt someone?He's the only one here with me now. I don't want to hurt Please, no..."I-I'm scared... I-I don't want to hurt you," I whispered.I knew Yuri was confused because he went silent."I-it's okay... Why would I get hurt? You're the one who "Please... Y-Yuri. Call Keifer," I begged.I knew it was wrong. Very wrong because Yuri's the one Keifer knows about my situation.I knew he wasn't moving."I'm here, Jay... W-why do I need to call Keifer?"

 Chapter 145: Mentally IllJay-Jay's POV"...The wound is shallow. It doesn't need stitches, but I mso it won't bleed anymore," the maid explained to me. SoHe didn't call Keifer, but he did call the maids to help meDamn it!"Th-thank you," I said and forced a smile at them.They smiled back. "Please wait here for Young Master," leaving.I was left alone in what looked like a mini-clinic, staringweak. I looked at my apron, which had blood on it.It's gone...I can't understand why this only happens with fresh bloowrong with me?A light knock on the door made me look up. It was Yuri, sadness.

 "It's okay... But I wish you'd explain to me what happeneI don't know anything about you."I bit my lower lip. This is my fault. I should have told himwe get married and he still doesn't know the truth?"You do know things about me... just not everything. I wyou—tell all of you. Because even I don't understand whme," I explained."It's not wrong to open up. Who knows? Maybe I can helout."He was right...I've been trying to understand it on my own for so long, banywhere. Maybe he really can help me."Yuri, the thing is..." I took a deep breath. "...s-somethingme."He looked me in the eye, waiting for me to continue."W-when I see blood, something strange happens to me. was just a phobia, but as time passed... it became someth"...I black out as far as I can remember. But people say I start hurting others," I continued.

 I shook my head. "That's the story we agreed to tell you aAngelo and Aries know what really happened. They toldknew something... but they didn't.""Keifer knows? Is that why you wanted me to call him?"I nodded in response.Yuri looked at my wounded hand, then fell silent, as if de"I-if you don't want to be with me anymore because of th"No. No. Don't say that," he cut me off. "...I love you, Jahappens or what you do, I will always love you.""But what if—""Don't think about anything. Don't ever think that... PleaI forced myself to nod. But the truth is, my mind was fillthoughts.What if it happens again and I hurt him? What will I do?He stood up and stepped closer to me, gently lifting my chim."We will figure this out. You trust me, don't you?" he ask

 I had no reason to refuse, so I just closed my eyes, waitintouch mine. Neither of us moved, and I almost stopped breathing.I won't lie, I didn't want time to move forward. I don't knknew that I felt comfortable being with Yuri.Our lips stayed together for a few seconds until he slowlyhis.Oh, crap! Wait a second...I tried to pull away, but he immediately held the back of my hands on his chest, but even that didn't stop him.Damn it...I had no choice but to respond to his kiss. For some reasokiss wasn't rough, a part of me was telling me to stop.He wasn't like Keifer—of course, they were different peocompared them, Yuri's kiss was light. Sweet, gentle, and Something I never felt with Keifer.But why am I still thinking about Keifer's kiss?I forced myself to pull away from him. I gasped for air an

 "N-nothing... I just remembered something," I replied.He immediately hugged me. "I probably had bad timing.Before I could even answer, I froze and looked toward thstood there, with full bangs and unbelievably pale skin.A ghost?!"Why are you eating Yuri-san's face?" she asked me.Yuri quickly pulled away and looked at the child in shoc"Yoichi!" Yuri shouted.The little girl, Yoichi, immediately ran out of the mini-clYoichi? Yuri's sister?!"She's so stubborn..." Yuri muttered, then turned back to "...I'll go check on Yoichi. You can get to my room on yo"Y-yeah..." I think.He smiled at me before leaving to find Yoichi. I was left This is the right thing. It should be Yuri because I agreeda part of me is telling me this is wrong.

 As long as there's a staircase!Since that was all I could recall, I climbed every staircasflights of stairs, I finally found the right way to Yuri's rooSuccess!His room hadn't changed. Except for the curtains that use Now they were open, showing his big balcony.I finally had the chance to look around his room. I didn't  because he was always grumpy.I walked toward his study table and noticed the picture frhim and his family. There was also a class picture of his classmates.This must be from last year!As I kept looking, his books caught my attention.Such a hardworking student! There's the internet, but he Suddenly, the door opened. I thought it was Yuri, but it wThey brought the food Yuri and I had cooked, along withand utensils.Will I even be able to eat this?

 "Yeah... She's in her room now," he answered.We both nodded and fell silent. Avoiding each other's gazawkward.Pfft..."W-want to eat?" he asked, pointing at the food."Sure..."As he prepared the meal, I walked to his bookshelf.One book stood out. A photo album disguised as an old b"Can I look at this?" I asked."Go ahead..."I picked up the book. The cover was just a design—insid pictures.Fancy photo album!I sat beside Yuri and opened it in front of him. The first pcrying young Yuri."Hahaha... Is this you?" I pointed at the kid.

 I flipped another page and saw a picture of Yuri, Keifer, They looked happy in the picture—except Keifer, who wwas smiling while Percy had his arm around him.I kept looking. There was one where Yuri and Aries wereKeifer and Percy rode behind them.There was even one where they wore church acolyte rob"You guys served at church?" I asked."Yeah, Angelo made us do it. He thought it might straigh"What happened?""They kicked us out. Keifer punched the head acolyte."Pffftt! Hahaha..."What an idiot."I flipped more pages. There was a picture of Aries in a baknew he used to play, but I didn't know why he quit.Percy and Keifer were in baseball uniforms in another phWait...

 This picture felt heavy."That was the last photo of us together."

 Chapter 146: FrustrationJay-jay's POVI don't want to ask. I don't want to, even though I do. It's really don't want to.I don't want to open the topic of the accident. Even thougknow the truth.I already know some parts, but not the whole story. The I'm already intimidated!"We're here..." he said, stopping the car in front of our ho"...should I pick you up tomorrow?""Maybe not... I'll go with Ci-N. he still doesn't know," I e"Ahh... Okay. Maybe next time."I just smiled at him. I was about to open the car door whegrabbed my arm."Wait..." he said.

 "I'm just making up for lost time."Making up for lost time?!"What are you making up for?" I asked, confused."B-because... Keifer, you've been kissed so many times, few times," he explained.I immediately felt annoyed by what he said. It felt like he"What do you mean by that?" I asked seriously."N-nothing... I'm just jealous," he answered like a child."You're acting like a kid... And this isn't a competition!" "Sorry...""Oh! Now you're quiet!" I offered, ready to hug him.He immediately smiled and hugged me. He made the mofor a while before letting go.I opened the car door and got out. I waited for him to leaapproaching our gate.I was just one step away from entering when another car ourhouse

 I just stood in front of the car. I looked at our open gate aIf I ran inside, he probably wouldn't catch me. He couldn because Aries and Kuya Angelo were there."Don't even think about it..." I heard Keifer say.Was I that obvious? Even he realized it.Fine!I angrily got into his car—a different one again! He got i before the car even moved, I grabbed onto something to This guy drives like a maniac. He really thinks he's a car supposed to survive as his passenger?As he continued driving, I watched him. His eyebrows wagain, and he looked like he was mad at the world."W-where are we going?" I asked.He didn't answer. We turned right, left, and went straightsky. The sun was setting, and Kuya was probably worrieI took my phone out of my pocket. I was about to text CiKeifer suddenly grabbed my phone and threw it toward t"IneedtoletKuyaknow!"Isaidirritably

 Was he planning something?!We were on the side of the road. There were no houses oIt felt like we were in a newly built subdivision because o passed earlier."Where are we?" I asked."What did you and Yuri do?" he asked calmly, but his voanger.I'm in trouble!"W-we went to church," I answered hesitantly."What else?""We went grocery shopping and cooked.""What else?"I was starting to feel scared because of what he was dointell him everything. He might get angry again like before"N-nothing else!""What. Else." He emphasized.IjustswallowedWhat'shisproblemnow?

 "D-don't lie to me," he said.I just looked in another direction and breathed deeply.Damn it!"W-we kissed----"I didn't get to finish what I was saying. He suddenly got slammed the door shut. I felt the car shake from what he He just stood there, looking somewhere. His back was tucould see him running his hands through his hair several I bit my lower lip. It was so dark outside, and the only ligcar.I had no choice but to get out of the car. I slowly walked stopped when he slightly turned to look at me."Keifer...""Why are you doing this to me?" he asked.It felt like something punched my heart when I saw his esoft, and he seemed like a different person."...You're mine. Only mine. Everything about you is min

 "Yes. That's why I accepted his marriage proposal," I saiHe slightly moved closer to me. He looked straight into m"Liar."I furrowed my brows at what he said."...You can't lie----""I'm not," I interjected."-----to me.""I'm telling the truth," I emphasized."And yet you responded to my kiss that night," he said bDon't open that topic! I don't want to remember that."...You responded to my touch, and you moaned my namsay you like Yuri? What about me? What am I to you?" No! I don't want to talk about that! It was just a mistake."...You almost gave yourself to me! Come on! HOW COONE YOU LIKE?!" he added angrily.Icouldn'tstopmyselffromcrying.Tearsfelloneafteran

 I wiped my tears and took several deep breaths.My chest felt so heavy. I didn't know we'd end up like th"Because it's the right thing... I can't bear to think or see again for the same reason," I said, leaning back against thweakened. "...That's why, even though I'm not sure, I acchim to experience happiness.""So you chose to sacrifice your feelings?" he asked calmI didn't answer. I just sat on the ground, continuing to wi"Ha! Yuri again!" he said, making me look at him."...The 'oh so genius kid.' The good boy, the heir of Hanais loved and cared for by so many people."He walked away slightly and looked up at the sky. I coulin every move he made."...Why is it always about him?! Always! When we thougdead, he was the first thing they thought of! But me?! Wh No one even asked if I was okay. Everything is always aeven the woman I love?!" he shouted angrily.I didn't understand what he was saying. Did he have a grI tried to stand up while looking at him.

 Enough... It's hurting me!"...But him, with just a scratch, they almost rushed him toThey might as well worship him," he added.I didn't wait for him to say more. I immediately went to hhim tightly. Tears fell again."Enough! Please..." I pleaded."Don't you too! Jay-jay!" he said, hugging me tightly. "PThis is wrong! So wrong! But I can't seem to fix it. I alwstop, but how can I do that?How....How? Especially when it hurts both of us.I don't want to make promises. I don't want to commit. Bwhat Ci-N said is true, promises are meant to be broken.But in our situation right now...."No... I'm not," I said, and I felt him take a deep breath."I can't lose you..." he said.IjustclosedmyeyesIdidn'tcareifthiswasstillwrong

 Chapter 147: I love... Me?Jay-jay's POVI have so many fears. Too many to count. But I manage tIt feels like I'm facing one of my fears right now.Kuya Angelo..."Yuri said he dropped you off here at 5:38 pm," he said, "Was it 5:38 pm? I think it was past 6," I replied, pretendunderstand what he was implying.He raised an eyebrow while looking at me. I avoided his  possibly match his intense stare.I got home at 12 am. We had a long drama session earlieand... you know—we talked again.I thought everyone would be asleep when I got home, buwaiting for me.I couldn't make excuses because he had already called Yu

 Where exactly is 'just around'? I don't know any place opexcept the mini mart I usually go to."At the Mini Mart."Kuya took a deep breath and held his forehead."Aries went there... Why didn't you see each other?!"Signal #3!Oh no! Does he really go to the Mini Mart? And of all timtonight. Wow!"I avoided him," I quickly replied.Wow! Great excuse, Jay.Kuya immediately gave me a sharp look. He knew I wasknows, maybe I could get away with it."Is it so hard to tell me where you were?!" he asked angrSignal #4!Here comes the storm! I'm in trouble now."...Look at the time! Is this the time a decent girl comes h

 "...It's late. Scold her tomorrow. She still has school," she"Just a minute, Mom. We need to clear things up," Kuya "Tomorrow..." Tita insisted. She looked at me and signalher. "...Come on. Leave your Kuya for now."I immediately went to Tita. I didn't look at Kuya becausewould melt me.Tita walked me to my room."Go to sleep... We'll talk tomorrow," she said and walkedI slowly opened my bedroom door, knowing Ci-N was alwasn't wrong because his snoring was loud.As soon as I entered, my phone rang.**King of Snakes Calling...**I answered it after closing the door."Hello..."["Did he scold you?"]"Hmmm... Yes, but he said we'll talk tomorrow."

 "Cut it out!" I shouted.I immediately covered my mouth. I forgot Ci-N was alre"...you're crazy. Just go to sleep."["I can't sleep yet. I have many things to do."]"Like what?"["Secret... I have to go. Don't have wet dreams about meDamn it! This shameless jerk is really something!"You're so thick-skinned!" I shouted again.I didn't care if Ci-N woke up. He was really annoying meHe just laughed loudly in response. It felt wrong to admihim.["Alright... Good night, my life. I love you to infinity andI froze at what he said. I bit my lower lip.Am I really feeling giddy?! Damn it!"Good night too, and I love...." I stopped when I saw Ci-staringatme."...Me."

 I just gave him a sharp look. This crazy boy! he even hasme."Who was that?" he asked.I immediately looked around the room and pretended to "Who? Where? Do you see something?" I said, continuinI knew who he was referring to. Maybe I could get awayI didn't want to tell him, and I knew that if this night wastown would know what he found out."Keep it up... I'll spread the news that you have a boyfrieHe's not my boyfriend!"Go ahead..." I said arrogantly."Who was it?" he pressed."Nothing... It's nothing."he suddenly stood up and tried to grab my phone from thI immediately ran and almost tripped just to beat him to i"Whydon'tyouwanttoshowme?!"hesaidirritably.

 Ci-N and I had no choice but to stop. We glared at each oGood luck figuring out when we'll finish this.+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++**Keifer's POV**"I love me?"Was it hard for her to say "I love you," and that's what shAnyway, it doesn't matter. I heard her say it once, and the back. She's officially mine.But that's not what's bothering me. Other important thing"Where's Keiren?!" I asked everyone.All the lights in the house were on. The maids and butlerI knew something bad had happened."Kuya..." Keigan called me.Keiren was hiding behind him. He suddenly ran toward mtightly. He was crying."It's okay... Kuya is here," I said, hugging him back.

 "We've also added more security for your brother," he saI smiled and nodded at him. I let them all leave. Only theremained. Keigan looked furious at me."What happened?" I asked calmly."Dad came here! He tried to take Keiren! Good thing wesaid.I looked at Keiren, who was still crying."I don't want to go with him."I shook my head. "No... He won't take you. Not as long aI are here."I carried him and walked upstairs. Keigan followed us.Damn it!I didn't know they'd come back so soon. I would have adif I had known.We're all minors here in the house. The law still states thunder the care of a parent or relative.Dad went after Keiren first because he's the youngest amButIwon'tallowit

 "I'm turning 18 soon... I almost have your and Keiren's leand walked away.Keigan immediately followed me."So, we're just waiting for your birthday? Is that it? KuyaKeiren before that day comes?!" he said angrily.I stopped walking and looked him straight in the eye."No... That will never happen," I answered seriously."I hope you can fulfill what you're saying."I understand Keigan. What older brother would allow histhe wrong hands?I quickly walked to the office next to my room. I gathereneeded, including a copy of my mom's last will and testaI need to study everything written here and the laws that fight back legally.Keiren can't fall into his hands. Then what? Will they dodid to Keigan? And until now, I still don't know what theI also grabbed my phone and called my lawyer."GoodeveningMrRyderSorryfordisturbingyouIju

 "I love me..."

 Chapter 148: HowJay-jay's POV*Yaaawwwwwnnnnn....* Ci-N yawned while walking. ""Me too... This is your fault! You were so noisy last nigh"If you had just told me who you were saying 'I love you both slept by now."I glared at him immediately. His mouth was so loud. We'since last night, and I don't even know what time we fina"Stop being so loud! You're so annoying! This is why I dyou!"He rolled his eyes at me. "I'll tell Keifer about this."Hahahaha... Go ahead and tell him!We continued walking. When we got to school, a big tarpthe main building greeted us.It was the schedule of school events. Valentine's Day waButbeforethat,ourretreatwouldhappenfirst.Whyisit

 "What? Me? You're the one who's embarrassing with all "You're the one!""You!""Hey! Are you really going to fight here?" Calix scolded"...you're both being ridiculous."Ci and I looked at each other and exchanged glances agaseveral times.We were repeating what we did last night. We arrived at  before I could step inside, I stopped walking."What?" they asked me.I just shook my head. "Go ahead... I just need to check soThey both nodded and went in. The truth was, I wasn't refelt so shy around him.So shy...I didn't know if I should tell him the truth or not. I didn't  but I also didn't want to lead him on.But it would hurt him more if I didn't tell him and kept ghopeMaybeit'sbettertojusttellhimthetruthButIdid

 Yuri was already sitting in his seat. He smiled at me as sosmiled back at him."Why did Angelo call me last night?" he asked me."H-ha? W-what... I-it's because..." I stammered awkwardwaiting for my answer. "...h-he didn't see me right away.were still together."He just nodded, accepting my answer. Phew!How am I going to tell him?I glanced at the King's seat. As usual, he wasn't there yetcome later. He's even worse than the school staff when it punctuality. The staff and teachers arrive earlier than himhim; maybe he's still taking care of Keigan and Keiren beschool.What I don't understand is how he managed to kick his dhouse. It's so weird—I've never seen or heard of a child kout.How did that happen?I also remembered what he said about Yuri. I glanced at hreading his notes and marking down important details frohjlifi?lli'fili

 Even the King of Snakes has a soft spot.Sir Alvin arrived. Class was about to start. I looked at theknew the annoying one would arrive soon.I don't know how long I've been staring at the door, but Ishadow of him.Where is he?"He's not coming," Yuri suddenly said.I looked at him, confused. "Huh?""Keifer's not coming if that's who you're waiting for. Hisand he's dealing with a big problem again," he explainedHe's back? Since when? He didn't tell me anything last n"W-what do I care about that... And I'm not waiting for KI didn't want him to notice. I wasn't ready to tell him yet.thought of the right words to say.But why isn't the annoying one coming? I couldn't help bannoying!Our class with Sir Alvin ended, and it seemed like he reaHewasn'ttextingmeeitherEveninournextsubjectshe

 "Maybe she's just missing Keifer," Drew teased, and theylaughing.I glanced at Yuri, who was just looking at his notes. I knelistening."Maybe it's not Keifer she's missing," Ci-N chimed in. ".one----""HEY! SHUT YOUR MOUTH!" I cut him off.Everyone looked at me because of my outburst. Ci-N sudme like I was crazy."Why are you so defensive?" he teased."I don't know!""Oh! She doesn't want to say----""Ci!" I scolded him.I was starting to get annoyed with what he was doing. Hein front of the whole class. Worse, Yuri was here too. If hwould be the end.Suddenly, there was a meow near the door. Ci-N automalook.

 Oh no! Go ahead, chase each other because of a cat. It reCecilio Susuman. I have a cat!"What was Ci-N talking about?" Felix asked."Nothing... We were just joking around at home.""How's Ci-N at your place?" Eren asked."He's fine... Just messy.""Do you sleep together?" Drew asked.For some reason, I suddenly felt heavy, and there was thicouldn't explain.Even though he wasn't talking and was pretending to be bI knew it was Yuri. He's just like Keifer."N-no... He has his own bed on the floor," I quickly answstrange feeling disappeared."But does he see you naked?" Drew asked again.Felix gave him a hard smack on the head. "You're such a"That hurt!" Drew complained.IfIwerenexttohimIwouldn'tjustsmackhimImight

 was too busy thinking about him.I didn't even eat dinner properly. I just played with my fo"What's wrong, Jay?" Ci-N asked me when we got back I shook my head. "It's nothing.""Are you sure? You're acting weird," he said."Just don't mind me," I replied.I grabbed my phone and walked out of the room. I tried cone answered.What's happening to you?I cried for no reason. My annoyance and worry for him wtogether.What if his dad did something to him that I don't know abthey're already in chaos at home.Ugh! My imagination is making it worse."Are you okay, Jay?" Kuya asked.Aries happened to come out of his room, so he looked at wipedmytears

 Probably because of exhaustion, I fell asleep quickly. In rest and my wonderful dream about an ice cream island, King of Snakes Calling...I DIDN'T WANT TO ANSWER! But I accidentally press button. Annoying!"Wha----"["I miss you..."] he said immediately.Oh my!I looked at Ci-N, who was currently snoring. He might h"What happened to you? Why are you only calling now?Why beat around the bush? I wanted to know if he was o["Long story... How about you? How are you? Is Yuri maI'm gone?"]"You're so annoying... I was worried about you, and that'worried about?"He chuckled a little. ["I didn't mean that. I just had a lot tI don't know when I'll be able to come back."]

 ["You're cute when you're like this."]What?"Huh?"["When you're sulking. How I wish I could see your face"Should I send you a picture?" I offered, laughing.My annoyance with him disappeared. Ugh, this guy! I co["Sure... Nude photo, please."]You wish!"What if I just end this call and never talk to you again?"If I didn't have a roommate, I would've screamed at him.["Hahahaha... I'm just kidding. But seriously, what are yonow?"]I glanced at what I was wearing. Thankfully, there was aroom from the lamp next to Ci."Superman t-shirt, why?"["Aahh...I'monlywearingboxers.I'mwearingmyfavor

 "Good night and sweet dreams too. I love..." I glanced atand staring at me again. "...me."

 Chapter 149: FatherJay-jay's POVI woke up in a good mood for some reason I couldn't undfound myself singing..."Good morning to you..." I sang while taking a shower.Ugh, what's this? Yuck! It doesn't suit me. Why am I sud*pabebe*? Ugh, this is so annoying!When I stepped out of the bathroom, I was greeted by Cihe stared at his phone.He had showered before me, so he was already dressed aMeanwhile, I was rushing to get ready."We're going to be late," he said, which confused me."Huh? W-why?""It's dangerous," was all he said before going back to tapWeird.

 "What time are we leaving?" I asked Ci.He didn't answer, so I was about to walk over to him whewas a knock on the door, and one of Tita's maids came in"Miss Jay... They're asking you to come downstairs. Somto you."Ci-N and I exchanged looks. He was still holding his pho"Who is it?" I asked."They didn't say. But Sir Angelo told me to call you dowI just nodded at the maid. Even though I was confused, C bags and headed out. We went to the living room, expecteveryone there, but no one was around.Where are they?Just then, Aries showed up. He looked at us like he was ssomething."Where's Mom?" he asked me.I shook my head. "I'm looking for them too."Aries quickly walked to the kitchen but came back just athereeither

 "Tita..." I called out to Tita Gema.She looked at me and quickly hid me behind her. What's Aries looked confused."Are you Ms. Jasper Jean Mariano, Ci-N Peralta, and MiFernandez?" one of the men in black asked, holding a pieCi-N and I exchanged looks. He subtly signaled for me tunderstood because we didn't know them— "Yes! That's us! Why?!" Aries answered.Oh my God!Aries really has no filter sometimes. Love must have me"The Watson Family has summoned you," the man said.Suddenly, one of the men opened the door of the black cwidened when he saw Ella inside."Aries!" Ella called out, clearly scared.She tried to get out of the car, but one of the men stoppedthe other cars and saw the windows rolling down. Inside Denzel, and Felix.TheothercarshadpassengerstooandIhadastrongfee

 "How can we be sure you won't harm them?" Tita asked "The Watsons are well-known people. Any negative newtheir name is unacceptable."Why do I feel like Keifer's family is way above our leaguTita looked at me. Before Kuya could say anything to ustoward the car and stood next to Ella."We'll be fine, Tita," I said, smiling at her.Kuya let us walk toward the car. Ci-N and I got in. Ariescar. The other cars followed. We were quiet, and Ci-N anexchanging looks.What's going on?I looked out the window. The places we passed were famtime went on, it felt like we were heading somewhere farIt felt like we were leaving the city."W-where are we going?" Ella asked.That's what I wanted to know. For the first time, Ella andsomething."ToKeifer'srealhome"Ariessaidseriously

 I didn't know how long we'd been driving. I kept texting right—they were in the cars behind us."It's been two hours," Ci-N said, checking his watch.Are we leaving the Earth? I really need to pee, to be honeThankfully, my prayers were answered. The cars started turned onto a road lined with trees. It was so shady, witheverywhere."This is it..." Aries whispered.What's "it"?Suddenly, Ci-N pressed his face against the window. He of me."It's even bigger in person!" he said in awe.Bigger in person?I looked at what he was staring at. There was a huge houfar, but you could already see how massive it was.It was hidden behind a hill, which is why I didn't see it eaturned the corner, part of the house came into view."I'veseenthisinpicturesbefore!Keifer'smansionisreal

 from sight.The car stopped in front of a HUGE GATE!OH MY GOD! This gate is so tall. It's like it's not meant A giant!—No! A ghost!When the gate opened, the car started moving again. Talllined the road. It felt like this place was hiding somethinggreenery.But slowly, the greenery faded, revealing what was hiddeA palace!The house was enormous. It looked like it was only threehad so many sections.All it needed was a dragon and a tower, and it could be cWhen the car stopped, no one wanted to get out. We all jother."We're here..." the driver said.Still, no one moved, until I saw Calix and the others walkstanding near where the cars were parked.

 So rich!We stood there for a few more moments when suddenly opened! It's official—this place isn't meant for humans. Ehuge. Ugh!Slowly, a...handsome man stepped out! Is he an actor? Hwas in his 40s or younger. And he looked so much like—"Keifer's dad," Ci-N said.I kept looking back and forth between him and the man tKeifer's dad.Really?! Not that I'm saying Keifer's ugly, but you know... There'shim... Ugh! Fine! He's so handsome and looks too youngI think I have a crush on him!Keifer's dad—I mean, Mr. Watson—walked toward us. HI have to admit, he had a strong presence."Good morning..." he greeted us. "...are we all complete?I looked at my friends. Speaking of complete, Yuri and KOneofthemeninblacksuitsapproachedhimandwhisp

 We all looked at him. Are they close?"...can you tell us what you need from us?"Finally! Someone asked. This horoscope might actually bMr. Watson chuckled. "You haven't changed, still so impat all of us. "...I just want to have a lunch date with my soI suddenly felt butterflies. I mean, his gaze lingered on m"lunch date."Is he asking me out?Before anyone could say anything, we heard the loud roasounded like it was racing."He's here," Mr. Watson said, positioning himself right inRIGHT IN THE MIDDLE! Where the car could potentiawas getting closer—no, two cars. And they looked familOne was Yuri's car, but the other...was Keifer's. They looracing, driving so fast.Yuri's car turned to find a parking spot, but Keifer's car kmy God!Ishegoingtorunoverhisowndad?!

 Chapter 150: Escape planJay-jay's POVShallow!The distance between Keifer's car and his dad's was so clwas really going to hit him, but he suddenly hit the brakeMy heart stopped beating for a moment there. My soul alDamn that!Keifer got out of his car and immediately glared at his da"You're blocking my driveway!" Keifer said.His dad didn't respond. He just smiled and walked back tweird, but I didn't see any fear in him.I saw Yuri walking towards us. He looked really serious,saw Aries and Ella."Why did your dad pick us up?" Felix asked Keifer.But he didn't answer. He immediately walked towards thenteredthroughthefancydoor.

 We probably stood there for a few minutes before Aries sinto the house, followed by Ella.Wow! Feeling at home?"What was that?!" Eren asked."Nothing's going to happen to us here! Let's go!" Rory saimmediately walked into the house.Since we didn't know what to do, we followed. When wefelt ashamed of the shine of their floor.What did Sia say about their chandelier? It's bigger than hotel. Damn! I won't just swing here, I'll even sleep hereKeifer's place is nothing compared to this mansion. It fee president of the Philippines lives here."Good morning," greeted a woman dressed as a maid.I felt small; I looked more like a helper compared to her.smooth, and her clothes were so clean. My uniform, whicneglected by the iron, felt ashamed."Please follow me," she said and started walking.Eren was the first to follow. Chicks, you know! As we wlkidThitithllhl

 Someone tapped me. I looked and it was just Ci-N. he brclose to my ear and whispered."Come with me... I need to go to the CR (comfort room/bsaid.Good thing he mentioned it! I've been needing to pee fornodded at him, and we went out."Where's the CR?" I asked.Ci-N didn't answer. he just suddenly walked away. Even confused, I just followed him.We went through so many places. We probably passed bydidn't ask or talk to any of them. I felt like we were gettinSuddenly, Ci went up the stairs to the second floor. Damare fancy. What's next, a stairway to heaven?"Hey, Ci!" I called him. "...Where are we going? I thoughthe CR?"he didn't answer and kept walking. I felt like the CR wasanymore.We entered another hallway. I was starting to get annoyeUntil he suddenly stopped in front of a door.

 So Keigan's here too?"What's going on?" I whispered.Yuri was the first to see me. "Jay..." he called me.I slowly walked closer to them."W-what's happening?" I asked them."We need your cooperation here," Keifer said.I pointed at myself and looked at them, confused."Dad is up to something. He wouldn't have brought me hreason," Keigan said.I didn't speak. I waited for them to explain further."We don't know what it is, but one thing is for sure," YurKeiren. "...Keiren is his target, and he might use all of usI looked at Keiren. He looked pale and sick."I'm asking you, Jay... In case everything goes wrong, plKeiren. Keigan will help you escape here," Keifer pleade"I-I'm going to leave you?"

 I didn't want to, I didn't want to do that. It's not like me. IHe looked pitiful."O-okay... I'll do it.""Great! You know what to do, Keigan!" Keifer said, lookThey just nodded and started walking towards the door. Tover.Keifer passed in front of me, so I grabbed the hem of hisme, confused."W-where's your CR?" I asked him.He looked at Keigan and Yuri. He signaled for them to g pointed to the door behind me.I immediately ran inside. I couldn't hold it anymore. My much pain.When I entered, my butt felt ashamed touching their toileBut I couldn't hold it anymore, let the cleaner disinfect itBut honestly, I enjoyed peeing here. The bathroom was swas even alcohol!When I got out, no one was in the room anymore. KeiferititithIbttlktdthd

 W-what is this? W-wait a minute!"...please say something."How can I speak? I froze in my spot. He was still huggin"K-Keifer..." I called him.He suddenly buried his head in my shoulder. He didn't spmoments when his hug tightened.I understood.He didn't just hug me because he missed me. He needed right now. Even if he didn't speak, I could feel his pain.I held his arm."Ssshhh..." I started. "...I missed you too."I felt his head slightly lift."...don't think about that. There's still time to make it up. need to focus on first," I said and tapped his head.He rested his chin on my shoulder."Thank you..." he whispered. "...Thank you for being her

 "Before we go..." he said and suddenly kissed me on the It was brief, but it was enough to stop my heart.Ahihi...He opened the door and immediately went out. I saw Ci-wall, playing with his phone."Hey!" I called him. "...Let's go!""What were you talking about?" he asked me."Nothing..." I answered and started walking.He immediately followed me."Really... What was it about?" he pressed."Just...""Are you going to tell me, or should I tell Keifer you havnow?" he threatened.I suddenly laughed. If only you knew...But my laughter disappeared when I saw Yuri. Shit! Did said?

 I signaled to him, 'It's nothing!' Who knows what else Ci"Yeah! So----hhhhmmmm! hhhmmmm!" I immediately "Ahahahaha... Ci's just really out of it!" I said awkwardlyYuri just smiled at me and nodded before walking away.I let go of Ci and immediately glared at him."Your hand smells!" he complained.You jerk!I smelled my hand. I didn't smell anything other than theearlier."Let's go! They said it's time to eat!" he said and quickly Nice! Time to eat!

 Chapter 151: Near DeathJay-jay's POVIs this for real?! A lunch date or a feast? A simple lunch oThere's so much food. Super extravagant! It feels like attor a christening. The food is set on the side.Of course, since we're naturally gluttonous, here we are, one of them—I'm a glutton too. Who wouldn't get hungryLechon, my friends!Among all the greasy foods, this one is the most temptinThese damn people are taking so long to get their food. Teverything already."There's ice cream!" Ci exclaimed, clapping excitedly."Eat rice first... You might get a stomachache if you eat iaway.""But I want ice cream." he pouted stubbornly.

 While we were happily enjoying our food, they, on the ohaving such a serious discussion. Just Keifer's aura aloneYuri and their dad to the mix, and it became even more inWhat I don't understand is why Aries was also sitting at twith Ella.Edi wow! (Well, isn't that something?)"...How's school? Are you studying well?" Keifer's dad a"My studies are none of your business." Keifer replied bl"Come on, Keifer. I'm still your dad. I still have a responyour brother.""Bullshit!" Keifer spat angrily."Language, my son. You're still in my house." His fatherDamn! Intense!It felt like I was watching a dramatic showdown. All thatguns, like in the movies.Keifer's dad turned to Aries and Yuri."Look at you. You used to come here just to pick up Keifyou'remissingsomeone"Hesaidwithasmirk

 Then, Keifer's dad suddenly looked at me. I almost choksurprising!"The only rose among the thorns?" He asked.What the hell?!"...What is your name? You're new to me."I glanced at Keifer, who was also looking at me. It was litelling me to be careful with my answer."J-Jasper Jean Mariano, sir... Just call me Jay-jay."He was silent for a moment, as if thinking, but his attentime."I know a few Marianos in the business industry. What anames?" He asked again."Those are none of your business." Keifer interrupted quThank God he spoke up. I didn't want to say their namesespecially my dad's."It's just a name. There's nothing wrong with asking somsaid, then looked at me again. "...Mind telling me their nShit!

 "...It just so happens that I know your father. He's a stocktelecommunications company. On the other hand, I also She's the sister of Gema Fernandez, who happens to be mthen turned to Aries. "...So, you two are cousins?"Aries averted his gaze. It was obvious he wasn't proud ofheard. He wasn't proud that we were related."...Never in my life did I imagine your parents together. Ioffense, but your mom seems a bit... 'tactless.'" He said, achoosing the right word to describe my mom.I just bowed my head. He wasn't wrong—my mom is blumind with no filter, which often gets her into fights.We'd just hear that she was at the police station because and my grandma would have to bail her out. Meanwhile,at home."...I never even saw them together before. It amazes me tmid-sentence.Keifer had suddenly shattered his glass. He didn't throw  broke in his palm.Slowly, he clenched his fist, and blood started dripping o"Did you bring them here just to insult them?" Keifer ask

 A man in a black suit handed him a document. He took itKeifer."...Sign it." He ordered.Keifer read the paper, and whatever was written on it insangry. He stood up and glared at his father."If you don't want to give me custody of Keiren, then retto me.""That was my mom's money! She worked hard for it and"Your mom had no money... She stole it from the companFrom me, to be exact."Keifer threw the paper away. "I'm not signing anything!"His father looked at him seriously. "You leave me no choSuddenly, the men in black suits approached. We all stooaway.My food!They tried to grab Keiren, but before they could, Keifer pThe others got alarmed, and more black suits came in.Evenmoreofthemarrived!Justhowmanyarethey?!

 The guy I pushed earlier was now pointing a gun at my tShit! No jokes now. This is it.Keifer's dad scanned the room. "Where is Keiren?" No one answered. No one else knew except me.One of the men pointed at me. "Sir! This girl was with KHis father walked toward me."Where is my son?" He asked seriously.I shook my head. "I-I don't know... W-we got separated."He clearly didn't believe me."Keifer, why are you so stubborn?" His father asked, stepKeifer didn't answer."...Tsk! Plan A isn't working. I'll go with Plan B."More guns were drawn.Shit. This just got real."JUST PULL THE TRIGGER!"

 Chapter 152: GunJay-jay's POVEverything stopped. Literally stopped.The man in the black suit standing in front of me was glaalso the one holding the gun, aimed straight at me."Pull the trigger!" I repeated.The man looked at Keifer's dad and then back at me."Jay! Shut up!" Aries shouted at me.I ignored him. I kept my eyes locked on this bastard in frIf he even tried, I'd flick his eyelid."Pull it!" I yelled. "...You can't do it, can you?"I smirked when he didn't answer."What will people say when they find out a student was kthe Watsons? That would be a disgrace for you."

 Dead air.Some exchanged glances, while others looked at Keifer'sBut the man in front of me, he held his ground. Our starincontinued.Then, suddenly, Keifer's dad started a slow clap as he wa"Put the gun down," he ordered, then turned to face me."You're a brave woman, you know that?"If only he knew. The courage I had saved up for facing mthink I just used it all up.I didn't respond.He walked toward Keifer and took the document."I thought I had outplayed you this time... But it seems I looked at me."You and your friends can leave now. I'll talk to you agaiHe walked away, followed by the men in black suits.But the one facing me glared one last time before finally 

 My heart was beating so fast, it felt like it was about to juchest."Are you okay, Jay?" David asked.I grabbed his arm."Jesus! I thought I was going to die!"I looked over at Yuri, who was struggling to help the KinThat proud bastard kept refusing help."You were really brave back there... I'm proud of you," CWow!I just smiled.While the others were checking on me, I didn't realize K brothers had approached us."Are you out of your mind?!" Keifer asked angrily.Everyone turned to look at us."...Do you even know who you just challenged?!"Ishookmyhead.

 "JAY!" They rushed to help me, but this time, I had no stI just came face-to-face with Death!And I had the nerve to act tough and cocky. Damn it!If he hadn't spared me, shit! I would've gone home as a c"I-I-I barely made it," I stuttered, still shaking."It's okay... You're still alive, aren't you?" Ci said.I wanted to smack the kid, but I couldn't.I couldn't get over what I had done."Where's Keiren?" Keigan suddenly asked.With my trembling hand, I pointed to the table where I hKeigan immediately went over and peeked underneath.Keiren came out and hugged him.Keifer also approached them and wrapped his siblings inIt might look cheesy to others, but to me, it was insanely"We should get out of here," Drew suggested.

 Then he turned to us and glared at me."Don't ever do that again!" he snapped at me."Keifer! She only did that to help you!" Felix defended m"What if Dylan actually did what she said?!" Keifer shotWe all fell silent.He was right.What if Dylan had pulled the trigger?But if I hadn't done that, the document would've been sigmother's hard work would've been wasted."...You just gave them a new idea of what they should doI don't know why, but my chest suddenly felt heavy whilIt felt like I had become a burden to him."...Next time, think before making reckless decisions!" hgetting into his car."Don't mind him... He's just worried about you," David sInodded,butthatwasn'tthepoint.

 At least someone appreciates what I did.Even if it wasn't the person I had hoped for.+++++++++++++++++++++++++++Third Person's POV1... 2... 3...Dylan counted in his mind.He was counting the bullets in the gun he had used to aimHis palms were itching.He wasn't going to get paid, just like the rumors said.His palms were itching to pull the trigger.Killing was his livelihood.But even without pay, he could kill.It wasn't money he was after.It was the feeling he got when he killed—that's what he l"How many times do you need to count those bullets?" h

 His boss chuckled slightly.Kaizer Watson.Keifer's ruthless father.For reasons Dylan didn't understand, he had refused to leclassmates—even though they easily could have."Because of that girl... She has a point," he said."...She amazes me."Dylan thought about it.That girl was truly brave, but even so, he saw the fear in And he loved seeing fear in the people he killed."You know Jeana, right?" Keifer's father asked."...Somehow, I see that woman in her. They really are modaughter."Dylan had only met Jeana once, a very long time ago.So he didn't quite understand what his boss meant."WhatareyouplanningtodowithKeifer?"Dylanchang

 If there was any goodness left in him, it was his concern once cared for."I have no use for that kid. I already took his money. WhKeifer and Keiren's wealth."Dylan lowered his head.This was a huge amount of money at stake.Keigan had already been discarded like trash after they toneeded from him.His boss had no love for his own children—or even his la"Call my lawyer. I need to speak with them," Kaizer ordeDylan bowed and left the room.He followed the order, picked up his phone, and dialed aBut he called someone else."Hello...?"["Next time, tell us about his plans in advance."] The perend immediately said."SorryIdidn'thavetimetosendamessage"

 This was the right thing to do...Dylan wanted to atone for his sins, and helping those kidhe knew how.

 Chapter 153: ArgueJay-jay's POV"Aren't you going to answer that??" Ci-N asked me whilI continued flipping through the pages of the catalog I waignored the cellphone and this kid who had already finishcream.Ci-N glanced at my phone for a moment and then went bdoing."Are you two having a lovers' quarrel?" he asked.I didn't answer again."What's this? No 'L' yet but there's already a 'Q'," he saidI couldn't help but think. No 'L' yet? What 'L'? It seems liwinning. I was forced to face him and talk."What 'L'?" I asked."Love," he quickly replied. Pffttt...

 He asked me to choose his place to stay. He said he doesabout that. Me neither! But I still helped him so I could k"Quarrel," he said after he finished laughing."Hm?""Lover's Quarrel. You and Keifer."I avoided his gaze. "We're not lovers.""That's why... No 'L' yet but you're already at 'Q'," he repUgh!I don't want to talk about him right now. I also know thatkeeps calling me. Whatever!Ci-N's cellphone rang. he fiddled with it for a moment anme."Keifer has a message for you," he said. "...in 5 minutes,up, he said he'll talk to Angelo today."What? Show up? Talk?I was puzzled and looked at Ci-N. I waited to see if he hahe just shrugged.

  No people or cars. That jerk! He must be messing with mgo back inside when I noticed a nice car not far away.The window was rolled down, and... there he was, the anI walked towards him. I faced the King of Snakes."Hey! I'm here! What do you want?!" I asked angrily."Get in," he calmly ordered."No! Just tell me what you want.""Get in.""I said no! If you have nothing to say, leave.""Tss."That's it?! That's all he's going to say? How annoying! I'm"You're such a pest! I'm leaving!""Get in or get in!" he said angrily.Fine! I'll get in!I was shocked by what he did. I felt like I lost control andreallycan'tresisthisanger.

 "W-what should I say?""Anything. You're mad at me? Shout! Curse me! Say anyWhat's his problem?His mood must be acting up again. Yes, I'm mad at him.  be the one to speak?"W-where are we going?" I changed the subject.He didn't answer. Until I noticed the gate we were enterinfamiliar.Where have I—wooot! He brought me here before. That him those words I struggled to say.I was right, it's the subdivision. But there were no houses building some.We stopped under a big tree. I stayed quiet, looking outsdirections except at him.We were silent for a few minutes. From the corner of mylooking at me.I glanced at his side. Pretending to look at something elswas looking at me. Staring intensely!

 You're the one who's mad!"Just because I'm mad, I should be the first to speak?! Howho caused my anger!" I said angrily."Look, if this is about what I said earlier—""At least you know!" I cut him off. "...and I should be the"What do you want me to say?!" he asked irritably.He matched my tone. It seems like he's planning to match"Why don't you figure it out?!"Let's see how good you are!"I'm not a fortune teller! How am I supposed to know whhear?!"Damn it!I just slapped my own forehead. Can't he understand thata little appreciation would be enough?!"A-PO-LO-GIZE!" I emphasized, which made him raise"Why should I?!"

 "Then it's wrong if it's wrong! But at least appreciate whHe just ran his fingers through his hair. It's obvious he's tanger."I do appreciate it! I appreciate you risking your life! Espyou worried me!"When you're so angry, you just feel like punching your eargument.Aaarrrrggghhhh...."Damn it! That's it, I already risked my life! Not even a lDamn it! I should've just let you sign that damn paper—"saw him smiling at me.This jerk!I almost lost my voice from all the shouting, and he just must be completely crazy. Insane!"What?!" I asked irritably."Three," he answered, holding up three fingers.Three?!"Threeprofanitywords"

 What's this?! I'm suddenly singing. This King is so annoy"...What do you mean?! You might have forgotten, but wreminded me."I didn't forget! But because I'm angry, no KISS!""HEY! That is not counted!" he complained."Counted your face! And, no! I don't want to! You smell After I said that, he immediately smelled himself. He prowouldn't notice. He really smells like cigarettes."And so what, if I smell like cigarette?" he asked arrogan"I don't like the smell!""Tss... As if you didn't smoke before?"I glared at him. "Excuse me! That was just a try! I won't smoke! That's for the whole day!""What?! You can't be serious about that?!" he asked, not As if!"I'm dead serious," I teased him.

 Earlier, I was so angry at this devil. Now, I'm laughing atkiss addict!"I'm serious about that," I said."Jay... If this is still about our argument. Fine! You win!.Thank you... For risking your life to help me and my broAhahahaha..."Nice... Suddenly changed your mind when it comes to aHe looked at me pleadingly. As if his handsome face wou"...but my answer is still no. I'm mad at you! For many thThe crazy guy just let out a heavy sigh. He almost scream"What's the reason now?!"I glared at him. "I don't know. Figure it out."He suddenly slapped his own forehead. I really wanted to because of his expression, but I needed to keep up this 'aAlso, there's something I want to know."I feel like..." I started, making him quiet and look at meknowyouthatwellyet"

 I just avoided his gaze too. I feel like a stranger to him. Hme his parents' names. I feel like— "My Dad killed my Mom."

 Chapter 154: Watson FamiKeifer's POV"...Annoying! You'll pay for this," I whisper while walkin"Keifer... What did I tell you?" Mom said with her signatwhat-I-said' tone."Don't curse back," I answered innocently."What else?""Revenge is not the answer."Mom smiled at me, but I couldn't smile back. I lost to YuHanamitchi! He already beat me in the exam, and now hfistfight too.I hate him."Why aren't you smiling yet?" she asked."Mom... He beat me again. Dad will get mad at me," I sadisappointed.

 I had no choice but to force a smile. I didn't want to, but wouldn't stop bugging me until I did.We stopped at the gate where Dad's car would pick us upside of the street, I saw him. The one who beat me, togeteyed friend.His eyes met mine briefly, but they quickly returned to hDad's car arrived, but it looked like he wasn't in it again.  because I knew he would only scold me once he found oAs soon as we got in, the car started moving. From the wHe was with his scary older brother.But I didn't care about them. My mind was still on Yuri.Thinking about how I would get back at him."You lost to that Hanamitchi again?" Dad asked.I couldn't answer. I just bowed my head.I was waiting for Mom to say something, but Dad gave h"I'm asking you a question, Keifer," he said with authorit"Y-yes."

 "That's the problem!" Dad interrupted Mom. "Because hhe's a kid! He needs to learn while he's still young! He whim until he grows up!"I wanted to cry, but I couldn't. Dad would surely get madme crying.I could do nothing but look down.I was scared of him when he was like that. I glanced at Klooking at me, and I could see the tears welling up in his Even Keigan couldn't cry out loud. I stared at the food inlost my appetite, but Mom's gaze seemed to say, 'Please, Even though I didn't want to, I forced myself to pick up meating."Next time, make sure you win against that Hanamitchi,"I nodded in response. But I immediately regretted it, espehow Mom looked at me.Sorry."Keigan sleep here," Keigan said, pointing to my bed.He had gotten used to sleeping in my room. He always dd

 "Keigan sleep," he said and made snoring sounds.So stubborn!I just let him be.Someone knocked on my bedroom door. I didn't say anyMom.The door opened, and I was right."How are my boys?" she asked while smiling at me."Keigan will sleep here," Keigan said, grinning.Mom kissed his forehead. She was about to kiss me too wheard a loud banging sound outside."SERINA!" It was Dad.Shouting like a madman."WHERE THE HELL ARE YOU?!"I knew Mom was scared, but she managed to hide it. Shereassuringly."Stay here," she told us.

 "N-no... T-that's my money. I have the right—"Dad suddenly grabbed Mom by the neck.Keigan and I both trembled in fear."You have no right! This is my money! You have no monshouted angrily.I wanted to help Mom, but I didn't know what to do! Myand I was just a kid."K-Kaizer... Y-you're hurting me..." Mom said, struggling"You should be hurt!" Dad yelled and suddenly slapped MShe collapsed to the floor.All we could do was cry and call out to her."Stop it, Kaizer! Not in front of the kids!" Mom pleaded "I don't care!"He slapped her again."Dad! Stop, please!" I begged."Kaizer!Please,stop!"

 I hugged her tightly. "Mom!""Shhhh... Don't cry. Mom is okay," she said while hugginI felt useless.I didn't do anything to help her.We just watched as Dad hurt Mom.It's haunting me. It's a nightmare for Keigan and me.Seeing our Mom hurt by our own Dad.And we couldn't do anything about it."Keifer!" One of my classmates called."Come on! Let's play!" I shook my head and looked dowI wasn't in the mood to play. I needed to think about whathat again.Suddenly, a ball rolled to my foot."Keifer! Pass it!" someone shouted. I looked up to see wYuri.

 For what? To prove that you're great at everything?"Sure," I answered quickly.He glanced at his teammates. I grabbed the moment.With all the force I could muster, I threw the ball straightBullseye!"Yuri!" they shouted.He collapsed to the ground as his friends rushed to him."What's your problem?!" the blue-eyed kid asked angrily"None of your business," I replied indifferently.Yuri stood up, blood dripping from his nose."There's blood! Call the teacher!"He wiped his nose and looked at me with confusion and "What's wrong with you?" he asked calmly."Nothing. I just hate your face," I answered."You're mean! We'll report you to the teacher!" the blue-e

 How can he stay so calm in this situation? Something insangrier.Without thinking, I ran toward him and punched him in t"MARK KEIFER WATSON! GUIDANCE OFFICE! NOI'm dead!

 Chapter 155: FriendshipKeifer's POVI'm dead. I'm so dead. Mom will get mad at me. Dad willme. And here I am facing my penalty.What have I done?"Damn! This is all because of someone here! So brave toPercy was complaining to me.He could just say it to my face, we're almost standing nex"Shut up! It's your fault too!" Aries shot back at him.I don't understand. Out of all the people who got into a fithe four of us were called to the guidance office."Why me?!" Percy asked angrily."Stupid! If you hadn't punched me and pushed me towardwouldn't have been dragged into this!" Now I understandSo that's why he suddenly flew towards me. It was Percy"Sorry... I thought you were the thin classmate of ours." Pscratchingthebackofhishead.

 "Y-yes, of course!" He thought for a moment and tried toIs he having amnesia? Our last fight wasn't even that lon"I don't remember," he replied. "...But if that's true, I apoHe apologized even though he didn't remember what hap"Stop apologizing!" Percy shouted at him."But it's really my fault. If we hadn't fought before, we wmess right now." He looked at me again."...Again, I'm sorry, Keifer, for what I've done."I felt more embarrassed. I shouldn't have fought with him"S-sorry too. I shouldn't have made a scene and started thYuri smiled at me, so I did the same."Say sorry to me too!" Percy demanded.My eyebrows furrowed. "Why would I?""You dragged me into this mess!""You only dragged yourself into it! Keifer and Yuri are thfought!" Aries said.

 "What happened?" Angelo asked.The counselor looked at me. "Mind explaining?"I avoided looking at them. I have nothing to explain to thI just got so annoyed that I started a fight?If this gets to Mom, I'm sure she'll be so disappointed. Suraised his hand. "I! I'll explain!"Yuri and I exchanged glances. What is he going to explai"Keifer suddenly started a fight, then he fought with Yurto help, and I punched Aries, then—""Mr. Collins! That's enough." They stopped him.The counselor and Angelo talked for a while. I wanted towhat they were talking about, but there were times whenme a cold stare, so I just looked down.Then the counselor walked out, leaving the five of us insthe door behind him.We all gulped in fear."K-K-Kuya A-A-Angelo." Aries called out, trembling.AngeloslowlyturnedtofaceusandjustashestoppedY

 He just apologized to me, and now this is how he's pushi"It's scary when Kuya gets mad!" Aries screamed.Is that why they're pushing me?"You can handle it! You're brave, right?" Percy said.I'm alone, and since the three of them were pushing me, tI almost stumbled into Angelo.From where I stood, I could clearly see the cold stare he why am I so scared of this?"You... Keifer..." he asked slowly."Y-yes." I only nodded in response. I thought he would she stayed quiet.I looked at Yuri for a moment, wishing I hadn't done thislifted me and flipped me upside down. He shook me likedrink."Aaaahhhh... Waaaagggg!" I screamed."You're so brave to start a fight, huh?! What?! Answer m"T-TaaaaAaaamMaanaaapOoo!"Iscreamed

 "I don't want to die yet!""Open the door!""I won't do it again!"They screamed. Is this it?! Is this our punishment for caurather have told Mom about what happened than go throI hate this!That's weird. Only Dad's driver picked me up, not Mom.I entered the house, and Keigan greeted me. "Where is M"Mom sick, in bed." I grabbed his hand and led him to th"Dad mad again. Keigan heard shout," he said.Dad got mad again? Could he have hurt Mom again? I quand Keigan followed.When we got to their room, I knocked first, but no one anI couldn't wait any longer, so I opened the door.Keigan was right; Mom was in bed, asleep. I walked towtouched her forehead to check if she had a fever. But I thisfine

 Mom slowly opened her eyes and looked at me. "What h"It's my fault. I just wanted to get back at him, but it's okapologized to each other.We're friends again," I explained."Please don't do that again," Mom said, sounding disappo"I'm sorry. I promise I won't do it again."She held my hands and smiled. Something felt off with Mdidn't look the same as before.I noticed a red mark and a wound on her neck. She quickher hair when she saw me looking."Go change... Ask maids to prepare you a snack," she ordI nodded. "Okay."She kissed my forehead before I left the room. I took Ketold him to leave with me. I wanted Mom to rest.I changed as she instructed. Keigan was still following m"New guy!" Keigan shouted by the window. I looked at w pointing. There was a new guy? I had never seen him be

 "Keigan saw it!"A gun? Why does he have that?"Please... Don't talk to that Dylan again.""But why?! Keigan likes him.""But I don't. I'm still your older brother, so follow what I"Okay..." I don't trust that Dylan guy, and I heard him talHe mentioned something about killing someone.Mom said killing is bad. So Dylan must be bad because hI just hope he doesn't do anything bad to us, especially toKeigan.

 Chapter 156: StrongKeifer's POV Nightmare! That's what I'm experiencing right now.Dad's abuse toward Mom has become more frequent. It'swhere he's quickly getting sick. And it's so frustrating thacan do about it. I just don't understand why Mom is still house if that's how he's treating her. It's infuriating!"Kuya... Your friends are here," Keigan called out to me.Him too! Something's off with him. He's been quieter latseeming distracted. I told him to stay away from Dylan, bthem together."You don't want to join us?" I asked him while getting dr"No. I want to stay here with Mom," he answered and waI want to stay with Mom too, but I can't. Every time I seesinks. Why does she put up with this? With Dad?I've asked her many times, but she always gives the sameokaywithyourDad"Whichobviouslyisnothappenin

 "Out with my friends," I quickly answered."Seems like you're going out a lot.""Why? Are you going to lock me up here too?" I asked, bHe looked me straight in the eye. I know I was being disr just couldn't take it anymore."I don't like the way you talk to me.""And I don't like talking to you," I said and walked out oThe three of them immediately followed me."Aren't you scared of your Dad?" Aries asked."No. Why?""We are," Percy said and laughed.I wish everything could be so easily laughed off. We got usually the one who drives during our outings. We just gas it's far from this damn house!"So where are we going now?" Yuri asked."Let's go to a fun place. We need to celebrate," Percy sai

 He immediately shook his head. "It's our anniversary! Wfor two years!""Ahhh..." we all said in unison, nodding."What's with that? Isn't our friendship important to you g"Is this a relationship? Are you counting the days?" Arie"Yeah! So you should kiss me!" Percy yelled and tried toagainst Aries.Aries quickly pushed his face away. "Yuck! Stop it!""Okay, okay, let's just go back home. Hahaoya will cooksignaling the driver to start the car.It's been two years since that day we fought and Angelo p"Keifer," Dad called me. I wasn't planning on showing mseemed like he was really waiting for me."Do you need something?" I asked him."What time is it?""I don't know. You're wearing a Rolex, why don't you loo"DON'TYOUDARETALKTOMELIKETHAT!"He

 "Is your Mom not teaching you properly? Or is she teachinstead?!""No! Don't drag Mom into this!" He looked at me angrilywalked toward me, and what he did next was something him to do to me.He slapped me hard. I fell to the floor. I could feel the shside of my lip. My cheek went numb. I couldn't hold bacfear I felt toward him. I was right!He could hurt me, just like he hurts Mom, and probably K"YOU'RE STARTING TO DISRESPECT ME! YOU'REWHO I AM!" He shouted at me.He grabbed me by the collar and slapped me again. It hur but what hurt even more was that I couldn't fight back."KAIZER!" Mom's voice. Dad stopped and glared at Mo behind her, showing no reaction."M-mom!" She rushed toward me and hugged me. "Kaiz"That's why he's acting up! You're tolerating him!" He po"But you don't need to hurt him!""AdhthldId?Pihifhth'di?

 "What do you want? A picture for proof?" Aries said sarcHe received a death glare from Percy."He hurt you too. Aren't you guys going to file a complahave your Dad arrested," Yuri said.I shook my head. I wish we could, but Mom doesn't wanseeing what Dad did to me, she still doesn't want to leave"Why is Mom still enduring this from that man?!""You won't understand because you're still a kid," Angelconversation."...Just pray that nothing bad happens to you, Mom, and realize he was listening to our conversation. I thought hehouse. We were outside Aries' house.He wasn't allowed to go out, so here we are, just outside "But what if prayer isn't enough?" Percy asked.What then? What will happen to us?"Then we'll just have to force it," Aries added, but he gotthe back of his head from Angelo.Tsk!Idon'tneedajokeIneedawayoutofDad'sgrip

 "I want to be strong! If Mom doesn't want to leave Dad, tto protect her! So please! Help me!" I begged.He crossed his arms and faced me. It was obvious he waswhat I said.I've seen him fight many people on his own and take them joke! And that's what I want to learn."It's not like that. I can't teach you," he said seriously."Teach me how to fight!" I insisted. "...Please, Angelo!""Keifer—""We'll help too!" Percy interjected."We should help too!" Aries added."SHUT UP!" He yelled at us angrily. "...I'm not teachingalready!"He suddenly walked inside and slammed the gate shut. Wstanding outside, dumbfounded."If he won't teach us, we'll just teach ourselves. There's amy place," Percy said.ThatkarateclasstakestoolongTheyonlyteachbasicm

 "Mom?""Get up please... Take your stuff." She ordered and kept pin my walk-in closet.I got up and rubbed my eyes. I saw Keigan and Mom, bothings."W-what are you doing?""We're leaving..." Keigan quickly answered.Leaving? Was I dreaming? Is this real? Are we leaving?"Please Keifer... Get up and help us," Mom said.I immediately stood up and helped them. I didn't plan onI just grabbed the important things and left the unnecessaI wanted to get out of here as quickly as possible. This whappen. It's happening!We quickly went outside with our things. The maids andget everything into the car."Mom... What's going on? Why are we leaving?" I askedMom didn't answer, so I stayed quiet. Maybe she didn't wtruthyet

 Chapter 157: KeirenKeifer's POV New house. It's similar to our old house, but it's bigger. Aone was indeed larger."Mom... Who lives here?" Keigan asked."No one. It used to be my parents' house, but they're deadMom stopped at the garage. The front yard was huge. Twman greeted us."Good morning, Ma'am Serina!" they greeted Mom as w"Good morning. Are the rooms ready?" Mom asked.The woman and Mom talked for a bit, while the two menfrom the car."Kuya..." Keigan called me. "...Do you think there's a ghmy head. "Ghosts are not real."After Mom and the woman finished their conversation, stoenter.Wefollowedher.Honestly,Ijustrealizedhowb

 One question kept running in my mind. What now?"The house is awesome!" Percy said joyfully."Psh! Kid..." Yuri commented on him.I looked at their backs. Something was missing. Aries wa"He's not here," Yuri said when he noticed I was looking"Why? Where did he go?""He went back to the province with his family. Somethincousin—what's the name again?—Jay-R? Jayson? Ugh! Percy explained.So he had a cousin? He never mentioned it before. AnywI invited them to come inside.There were a lot of maids and butlers cleaning. Mom brohelpers so we wouldn't be alone in the house."Where are we going?" Percy asked."I want to show you something," I answered and continuWe went straight to the basement and stopped in front ofrevealing my discovery.

 "You're ruining the moment! You should've just gone aloas he walked in.Yuri and I just let him be. We stayed by the door, watchin"How's your mom?" Yuri asked me."She's fine. A bit busy because of this house.""And how about Keigan?"I paused. How is Keigan? He's not alright. Something is "I'm not sure.""What's your plan for your dad?" Percy added to the con"We haven't talked about it yet."I knocked on Mom's room door. No one answered, so I owasn't on her bed, so I walked toward her walk-in closet, be there. But just before I took a step, I heard someone v bathroom."Mom!" I shouted, running toward the restroom. "...Mom problem?"I kept knocking on the door, but she didn't answer. I start

 "You did? What did they say?" I asked, even more conceEven though we were no longer under the control of thatworried about her. Sometimes, she preferred to stay quiewhat she's feeling."They said it's normal, especially when you're two weeksPregnant?I was speechless. I didn't know what to say. Not that I wawas just a bit shocked.Mom suddenly laughed. "Your face, son. Don't you wantI shook my head. "Not that I don't want to. But... I... I... dwhat to say." I forced a smile.She hugged me tight. "Please... Help me take care of youhugged her back. "I will."Mom's belly was already large. So that's how pregnancy months, the baby will be born."When are you giving birth?" Keigan asked Mom."In two months," she answered, smiling. "...Are you exciKeiren?"

 One of the maids walked up to Mom and whispered in henodded and forced a smile."Is there a problem?" I asked her.She stood up and motioned for us to follow. I felt somethseemed like I wouldn't like what was coming next.We went to the living room, and when the door opened, Isee the one person I hated most walk in."What is he doing here?!" I shouted angrily."Keifer... That's still your dad," Mom said.I glared at him. What is he doing here?! He shouldn't be "What do you want from us?!""I just want to fix our family, we're going to have a new "No!" I screamed. "...You're not welcome here! Leave!""Keifer!" Mom scolded me. "...Don't talk to your dad lik"Mom! Please... Don't let this guy hurt us again.""I won't, Keifer." he interjected. "...I apologize for what I

 I looked at her hand. It was tightening on her belly. I didnget angry. It wouldn't be good for her or Keiren. Somethithem."S-sorry, Mom.""Apologize to your dad," she ordered. NO!I looked at Mom pleadingly. No, I wouldn't do it! Please"Keifer... Apologize to your dad," she repeated.My fists clenched. It was so frustrating!"I-I'm sorry... Dad."He won this battle. He smiled at me and opened his armsWhen he noticed I wasn't moving, he came closer and huBut I didn't hug him back. NEVER!This would be the last time I'd apologize to him. I will Nmyself like that again. Mark my words!I chose to lock myself in my room. I couldn't stand seein

 He didn't answer. He just walked away. There was sometKeigan. I didn't know what it was, but I thought he woulmoved here. But now, things were different.Still, I thought about what he said. It was true. I didn't wahouse. I grabbed my phone and texted Aries.The good thing about this house is that it's close to theirs pick me up.I got dressed and left my room. I passed by Keigan but igEven if I invited him, he wouldn't come with me."Where do you think you're going?"As soon as I heard his voice, I hurried my steps, but thenhim."Out with my friends," I answered, bored."Only that far?"I didn't answer. I just stared at him. If you weren't here, Ileaving."...If I can't stop you, then fine. Go!"Ididn'tanswerandquicklyleftthehouseInmyfrustrati

 Chapter 158: BossKeifer's POV"There's Boss!" Percy shouted while pointing at a group He was referring to Angelo as Boss. I don't know where it all started when he saved us from a gang fight... again.But honestly, I only call him Boss when I need somethin"Are we going to help him?" Yuri asked."No need. Kuya can handle it," Aries said.I looked back at Angelo. Is that 'handling it'? He's almostin the fight."Let's go... My hands are itching to fight," I said to them joining the fight. They followed me. We already knew ho but that wasn't enough."What are you doing here?!" He angrily asked us."We're joining your fight!" Percy answered.

 "You're so hard-headed!" Angelo shouted at them.He looked at me and Yuri, so we immediately turned awawas scared, but maybe—shit."Why do you have to hit me?!"I looked at Yuri, who was rubbing his head. He was so faago, he was holding the two of them, and now he was be"I told you! You won't get anything from fighting! Focusscolded us. Tss...I don't want to study. I'd rather be outside of school, whehow to fight."We can fight and study at the same time!" Percy shoutehim a nasty glare.Angelo was about to speak when suddenly someone's phWe all reached for our phones, but only one person said, "...How are you, babe?" Percy asked on the phone. Babe"...Did you eat well? Stay away from those guy classmatcrush them, you'll see!"Whilehewastalkingwecouldn'thelpbutraiseoureyeb

 Percy looked at him seriously. "Sorry bro..." He even putshoulder. "...We have no chance. I really like women."Aries gave him a hard slap on the head. "You idiot! I donI'm not GAY!"We just shook our heads at his behavior. It feels like Percgetting worse.For the second time, someone's phone rang, but this timeIt was mine."Hello?"["You need to go home... Now!"] It was Keigan.He didn't wait for my response. He ended the call withoufor some reason, I knew this was about Mom and that maI rushed home as quickly as I could. I went straight to Mstill far, but I could already hear that man shouting and thMy heart started beating so fast. I feel nervous and scaredand immediately opened the door."...I TOLD YOU! THAT'S MY MONEY!" He shouted wMom's hair.MhdbidbldhliIld'thldb

 "STAY OUT OF THIS! GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK"That is not yours. It's for the children! You know that," Money again! Is that all that matters to him? Is that why  because of that? Why is he like this?"You look like money!" I shouted as I stood up."What did you say?!" He glared at me. "...WHAT DID Y"You look like—" I couldn't finish what I was going to sHe hit me with a strong punch in the face. I was thrown bsame time, I felt dizzy. My jaw was almost numb from th"KEIFER!" Mom shouted. "...Kaizer! Have mercy on yo"Stay out of this! I'm already full of this kid!" I tried to st body was shaking. Suddenly, he kicked me in the stomacup everything because of what he did."Argh!""Kaizer! Enough!"Another kick hit me, followed by two or more. Even thouhis kicks, I couldn't do it because of my weakness."You'rejustmyson!Whodoyouthinkyouare?!Whata

 She approached me and tried to help me stand. "Leave! Idad!""I-I won't! I'm not leaving you here!""Leave!""No-----MOM!!" I almost lost my voice shouting.Suddenly, that monster pulled her by the hair. He lookedstand, but my body was still shaking from all the kicks."I'm so tired of you, woman!" He said and suddenly slamagainst the wall."NO!" He did that several more times. Until Mom's bodycollapsed. Her eyes were open, and she was looking at m"M-Mom..." I called her.I got no response. Since I couldn't stand, I tried crawlingWith every second, my heart beat faster. Please don't let tgot closer to her, I could see the tears falling from her eyI held her cheek. "Mom... Please... Answer me."Blood started flowing from her nose. I was terrified to sehopingshewasjustsleepingorunconscious"Mom!Ple

 Internal Hemorrhage. That's what caused Mom's death. Ifault. I couldn't even protect her from that man."Kuya... Where is Mom?" Keiren asked me. That was thequestion I've heard from Keiren. He had asked me that secouldn't answer him properly."She is in a better place now," Keigan answered and forcwas so hard for me. So difficult!"Keifer..." Someone called me. It was Aries with Angelo"I'm sorry about what happened to your Mom. If you neealways here for you," said their mom.I forced a smile and nodded. "Thank you."Behind them were Percy's family. Their mom was holdinsister, and beside her was their stepbrother, Felix."Bro..." He said, tapping my arm. "...You're the only funeready." Facepalm!Felix gave him a hard slap on the head. "Your joke is outIf I weren't friends with these siblings, I would have kickmyself."PlP"thiid

 "Thank you."I looked at a man who had just arrived. He wasn't familiahere, but there was something different about him.He was holding a briefcase and seemed to be looking forI excused myself from Yuri's family and approached the reached him, that monster walked up to him."Mr. Brian Ryder..." He called to him. "...You arrived earto see you next week."The man, Brian Ryder, looked at him. "Because I need toson. Urgently." Son? Is he talking about me?!"I understand... Let's go here," he motioned, but the manHe looked at me. "I need to speak to your son... Only."W-why me?!

 Chapter 159: Death wishKeifer's POVI don't understand"H-how is this happening?" I ask Mr. Ryder.I have millions—no! Billions of money I never knew aboWhat I don't understand is, even my grandparents, who hso long, left me an inheritance. I wasn't even alive in thisthere was money already allocated for me."Let's say your grandparents didn't trust your dad. So thetheir grandchild." He explained it to me."But... I... I..." I stutter."Speechless? Let me explain everything to you."I looked at him as he took all the papers I was holding.He sat in front of me."100% of your grandparents' assets and liabilities are nam

 My head was hurting. This money is huge. What am I sufor? I don't even know if I can handle such a large amoun"Keifer?" he called me."S-sorry... I just... I can't believe this." I said, brushing mhands. "...I don't know if I can manage this."I looked at the other papers on the table. I froze when I swritten on them."W-what is this?! A company? What company?! Why is too?!" I asked in shock.What is this?! I can't take it anymore... I feel like my braiexplode from all of this."It looks like you're not ready for this." Mr. Ryder said asthe papers. "...I knew you were too young, but your moththis.""My mom?"He looked at me seriously. "Your mom is a friend of minon the exact day of your brother's birth—Keiren—she caabout her last will and testament."She did that, but why?

 He handed me a small piece of paper. "Call me when you"Where is your father?" I asked Keigan angrily."H-he's in his room. He has someone with him."I held my temple. I knew what he meant. I quickly walkeroom where he often brought his guests.I didn't knock and just opened the door. As expected, I founpleasant scene."Keifer! Don't you know how to knock?!" He said to me The woman with him quickly covered herself with the blI raised an eyebrow. The woman looked so young. She loonly 18 or even younger."You! Don't you know how to respect? Mom has only bethan a month!" I yelled at her angrily."So? She's dead. She won't be coming back no matter whreplied coldly.Yeah! She's dead because of you! I slammed the door anI punched the wall in frustration. Why did mom have to ldidn'the?It'ssoinfuriating!Ican'tstandbeingwithhim

 It wasn't hard to find, since it was on my study table. I qunumber.["Hello?"] he answered from the other line."Mr. Ryder... It's me, Keifer."["I guess you're ready."]I'm not freaking ready!This is more complicated than I thought. I feel like I'm g"...Do you understand?" Mr. Ryder asked."Hmmm... Yes?"Mr. Ryder sighed. "Let's start all over again."He took all the papers off the table. Even the ones I was hone paper in front of me. "This is your total assets and lia placed another paper down. "...This is the monthly incomEnterprise. Even if you don't work, the profits of the comto you."I understood this part. Even if I don't do anything, the cowill still come to me.Heplacedanotherpaperdown"Thisistheonlyamount

 I looked at Keigan and Keiren's papers. Their amounts w probably because they're younger. But why does the mon"Why does their money still go to me?""Because they are in your care. Unless you want to send somewhere else, we will send their money to them."I understand. He explained more, and I also found out theverything is under my name, there's still a chance that thget access to their money, especially Keigan and Keiren'But that's not the only thing I'm worried about and want t"Do I have the right to kick him out of this house?"He looked at me confused. "Yes... This house is in your n"Even him?"He knew who I was referring to. I can't stand having himus. He disrespected my mom. It's not even 40 days since and he's already brought another woman here."You know that you're still a minor, right? Under the lawguardian." He explained.I knew he was going to say that. Ever since I called him, btit

 "Nowadays, everything can be fake." I said, running my  papers. "...They could have named one of mom's trusted "Keifer... You know—""I know. I also know that we could get sued." I smirked. use of the law when you have money?" No one dares question my mom's death because that monmoney. He played dirty, so will I."...I need to fight back. If I can't fight him physically, I'llThe last will and testament is more powerful. It can breakMr. Ryder took a deep breath. I know he understands myHe's my only hope. He's the only one who can help me w"As you wish, Mr. Watson." He replied.This isn't the way I want to do it, but I have to. For mom "Kuya!" Keiren shouted.I just came home from school. I was confused when he rcrying."What happened?"

 ["Keifer?"]"He took Keigan! He kidnapped my brother!" I shouted o["Calm down... Maybe they just went on a trip or a busin"No! You don't understand. He knows he won't get anythinheritance! He kidnapped my brother!"I almost cried while saying this. I knew he had a plan. It coincidence. What if he does something to Keigan?["Take a deep breath, Keifer. I'm on my way."] He said aI looked at the maids and butlers with anger. "YOU'RE AGET OUT OF MY SIGHT!"I looked at Keiren, who was still crying. I went to him anWhen will he ever stop hurting us?

 Chapter 160: KnowKeifer's POV Present....She's crying. I want to hug her and comfort her, but my cSeriously?What the hell is wrong with this girl? I told the story of mtrusted her, but I never expected that she would cry."S-sorry... I just can't help it," Jay-jay said.I look away and scratch the back of my head. "Please... SBut her crying just got louder. I slapped my forehead in f"Jay...""You're so brave," she said, making me stop and look at hmy life story was the worst, but yours is even worse."Pity...

 She looked away. She cleared her throat. "H-how did you back?""I didn't get him back... They came back a few years latewith his new wife." I let out a heavy sigh. "...That's whento kick him out of the house.""I see... So, you're the only child who kicked your father I barely laughed at what she said. "Strange, right?"She nodded. I glanced at my wristwatch. It's already 10 pnotice she's been gone for a while."I need to take you back. It's already late."I started the engine. She remained silent the entire drive. the same spot where I picked her up. I couldn't stop in frosomeone might see us and Jay-jay wouldn't want that."Here's fine. Goodnight." She said and was about to openstopped her. "...W-why?""Are you no longer mad at me?"She shook her head. "Not anymore. Your story was so lo being mad."Iildddlltdh"Mb

 She's really serious about that. I couldn't do anything butfrustration while she was just smiling at me."...If you want a kiss, stop smoking. That's the deal!"She opened the door and got out of the car, without evenwalking straight into the gate.I started the engine and drove home. A few minutes into my phone.A text message.I didn't check it right away and decided to do so when I gfront of my gate, waiting for it to open. My phone rang amessage.Out of curiosity, I picked up my phone and opened the mfrom Jay-jay. Maybe she missed me already.But I was wrong...I looked at it twice, making sure I was reading it correctlFrom: Sexy Jay-jayMessage: 'he knows...''Ariesknowsaboutus'

 I feel like attending mass tomorrow. He's letting me stayfirst time. We couldn't be in my room, Ci-N's there. We aoutside, someone might hear us.He has so many books in his room. So this horoscope actI thought he was only obsessed with Ella."Aren't you gonna speak?" His calm question.I closed my mouth and looked down. I didn't know he saKeifer's car. I was about to make an excuse, but he suddewas the second time. He had also seen the first. So now winterrogation session."Jay..." He called me.I looked at the ceiling again. No dust, nice!"Jay-jay..."I looked at the floor. It's so shiny, nice!"Jay-jay!"I looked at the corner of the room. A ghost, not nice!Suddenly, he hit the table, and I got startled. I was about  but luckily I covered my mouth.

 I nodded. "Yes! You said the electricity bill is going dowIn his anger, he raised his hand to smack me, but I quicklmy arm and moved slightly away from him.He glared at me. He dropped his hand and touched his te"What's going on with you and Keifer?" He calmly askedHe's acting like Kuya Angelo. They really are siblings."Be specific." I answered, which made him even angrierHe suddenly walked up to me and grabbed me by the col pushing me to my limit?!""N-no.""Answer my question if you don't want me to tell Kuya!"I felt scared. He really would do that. My tears started toeyes."I-I can't say it... There's no clear conversation. We just liHe let go of me and stared at me seriously. "Did you beliI looked at him in confusion. "What...?"

 Oh right, they're fighting. But I never thought Aries wou"He wouldn't do that." I firmly said."Think about it!""He wouldn't do that! How could he use me? Tell me!" Iwhich made his eyebrows furrow even more."I know Keifer. He'll do anything to get back at whoeverI bitterly laughed. "Is that your reasoning? How can he udon't even get along? You don't care about me, right?!"He stopped. His furrowed brows disappeared, but he wasI met his gaze, but I couldn't hold it, and tears started to fI was hurt by what I said. It hurts because Aries, the one me, always played with me, brought me presents, and tolintroduce me to his friends, is no longer the same. He's bAries who doesn't care about me."I just know." He said weakly.He's right!He's just trying to ruin Keifer for me."Idon'tbelieveyou"Isaidandquicklywalkedtowardth

 "...Because that's the exact words he said to Ella."It felt like a knife stabbed my heart. My tears fell again, bspeak again, I quickly left his room.I could hardly breathe. My chest felt tight. What's happenSo what if he said the same thing to Ella? That doesn't mme. This horoscope is just jealous!He wouldn't do that. He trusts me. He shared his life withhappened with his dad. So how could what he's saying hI can't believe Aries would do that. In his anger at Keiferto ruin him for me.But what if it's true? No! Keifer wouldn't do that. I walked back to my room. asleep, probably didn't wait for me. I grabbed my phone Just a few minutes and he called me. I took a deep breathwouldn't notice I was crying."Hello...""[Are you crying?]" He asked right away."Hhuh?"Iansweredinpanic

 "Stop it." I almost raised my voice.I was trying to keep it down so the little brat wouldn't wa"[I'm dead serious, Jay. If I need to face everyone in your prove I love you... I will.]""Keifer...""[Even if I have to fight Angelo and Aries. I'll fight.]"I smiled at what he said. That's why I don't believe Arieswouldn't do that."Thank you.""[Wrong!]" He said, which raised my eyebrows. "[...] Yolove you.'"I chuckled a bit. This guy is something else!"You're such a weirdo."I heard him chuckle. "[...I love you Jay. To infi----]""Keifer." I cut him off.I suddenly felt a bit awkward. It wasn't because I believebutbecausetherewassomethingabouthowIfelt

 Instead of getting mad at his "Tss," I laughed out loud. Hfunny."[Keep laughing... You're so happy.]" He irritably said, wlaugh even more."You're such a flirt.""[I love you.]"I froze for a moment. Gotcha!"[This is better, no complaints. I love you Jay, until scienthe universe.]"Long! This guy knows too much! Where did he even get"Isn't the universe infinite?""[Exactly!]"I bit my bottom lip. This guy's a trip. And I'm here lookinfeeling all giddy!He suddenly became serious, and I could feel it. "[...DonAngelo finds out about our relationship, I'll talk to them.  be some fighting.]" I laughed at the last part, and so did hJasper Jean Mariano, until scientists find the end of the u

 Chapter 161: WordsJay-jay's POVI feel like crying.If it weren't for... Haizt!"Pain..." Ci-N whispered as he gently touched his ear. It'listening to me and the person I was talking to on the phofrustration, I pulled his ear. And even though we had alrehe's still feeling the pain. What a jerk!"Do the other one... so it's even." I said, and he quickly cear."I don't want to." He said. I just glared at him and walkedWe were going to have breakfast, and we still had schoolwasn't in the mood because of what happened yesterday.remember Dylan's face when he pointed a gun at me, myshake again.I lost my courage. What a pain in the ass!Suddenly, Ci-N rushed ahead of me while still holding hhe'sstarvingIstoppedwalkingwhenIsawAriesHewa

 "You're really beautiful..." Yeah, what? Are you jealous?insulting. My brows immediately furrowed."You're getting married to Yuri, and yet you still have KeHe shook his head and walked away from me.Aside from being annoyed with this horoscope, there's onmy mind right now. I'm going to tell Yuri the truth. I donhim anymore. That wasn't my intention, and I don't wantsins against him.I had breakfast in a daze. Even while showering and gettstill out of it. I didn't know how, but I knew today was thhim."Jay-Jay." Ci-N called me while we were walking."...You're not listening.""S-sorry. Did you say something?""Oh, nothing..." he sarcastically replied, making me a litt"I've said a lot. My good looks are gone now." I scratche"Am I handsome?" He suddenly squinted his eyes."Don't yell too loud. That's a secret of mine." His audacit

 usually beats me to it. I sat down and grabbed my phone,have checked earlier. I saw that Yuri had texted me.From: YuriMessage: "Can't go to school. I have fever. Please take cShit! Why now?! This is crazy!I should have told him today. I shouldn't wait any longerto go see him.I was in a daze... Is it a sin to ask the heavens for one—hsuddenly felt like singing. Sir Alvin and Keifer came in wrealizing. I was far gone—probably on Pluto by now.Then suddenly, someone pinched my ear. It hurt so much"Damn! That hurts!" Everyone stared at me.Sir Alvin was also looking at me angrily. I looked at Keifto hide his smile. Bastard! What's his deal? Pinching my nowhere. I just lowered my head.I wanted to get back at him, but that's not what I was thinthinking about what I had to say to Yuri. How I would stThe rest of the subjects went by, and I was still out of it. tibtIld'tEKift

 Keifer answered for me. "You go ahead. We need to talkconfused, he followed instructions. There was no one leflooked at the jerk and waited for him to speak."Why? What do we need to talk about?" I asked. "What'shave noticed you're not yourself." Tsk!I didn't want to say it, but maybe he needed to know."Well... I've been thinking about how to tell Yuri the truth"What do you mean?""I feel guilty. I don't want to deceive Yuri anymore." He "I understand. Even I feel ashamed in front of him." He s"...Why is it that we both like the same girl?" I bit my boThe image of Yuri's face when he was hurt by Ella kept pIt's going to happen again."I was planning to go see him now." I said, looking at Ke"...I'm going to tell him."Suddenly, he stood up and walkI immediately followed him."I'll drive you." He said as he continued walking. We gotand I saw Aries, who was with Ella. It looked like they pthemselves by Keifer's car.

 I can already see Yuri's building ahead. The closer we goheart beat. When we arrived at the parking lot, I didn't gehad to gather my strength."I'll stay here. We might end up fighting." Keifer said. I n"Thanks." I got out of the car and went to the elevator. I Keifer as I waited for the doors to open. He forced a smilI got in as soon as the door opened. I pressed the button My hands were sweating. I didn't know if it was the heatmy nervousness. When the doors opened, four women inme. They were fewer than before, and they bowed and grlanguage. I bowed and greeted them back—in Tagalog. This room.Fortunately, I was somewhat familiar with the layout by trouble finding his room. I knocked, but no one answeredleave. He was sick, and maybe this wasn't the right time  Now or never! Damn! No choice.I opened the door. I expected him to be lying in bed, sleesick. But he wasn't there. I looked toward the balcony. Thopen, and the curtains were fluttering in the wind. Everybody loves the things that you do From the way you

 Just like before, his voice sounded beautiful. If you thinkKeifer are quite similar. They're friends, after all."You look like a movie You sound like a song My God, thwhen we were young..." They're both talented, smart, a bit bossy, quiet, and have They're both good-looking, a bit rebellious, but never takanyone, and most of all, they're not hard to love."Let me photograph you in this light In case it is the last be exactly like we were Before we realized..." Suddenly, tears started falling. If I could just teach my heto hurt him. I don't want him to go through the same pain"We were sad of getting old  It made us restless It was just like a music It was just likeI was crying so hard because this was unfair. I want him I'm doing is hurting him. I thought I could do it.Suddenly, he stopped playing and turned to face me."Jay? You're here." He said, setting down his guitar. He sat me, but my heart shattered when I saw the smile fade, crying.

 "I'm sorry... I'm really sorry." I couldn't stop crying. It felhardly breathe. "I really tried.""Jay...""But... It's Keifer."My crying worsened. I waited for him to say something, silent. I couldn't look at him out of shame.I waited for what felt like several minutes. Finally, he spo"I know." Those were the first words he said, and it made"...I've known from the very start. It's always been Keiferin my chest as I processed his words. Questions flooded mouth wouldn't move to speak."Hahaoya wasn't lying when she said she saw you with Kfrom embarrassment." Damn... that's all I could think."And I also know you made out with him in the restroom bitterly. "...I was there when you confessed to him."Shit! I didn't even have enough curse words to describe wHow did he know all of that?"If you're wondering how I knew..." He walked closer toddhidiItbf

 He turned his back on me. "I'll let you continue with Keiwedding day comes, you'll say 'I do' no matter what, or itFer Corp." His tone was authoritative.He's still going through with it?!"Y-Yuri... Y-you'll just get hurt.""What's the point? You're already hurting me." I heard hiEven though he wasn't facing me, I knew he was crying. his pain."...Trust me, at the end of the day, you'll still be mine." HI tried to step closer to him, but my knees wouldn't move"Y-yuri... Please.""Jay... Leave now." He commanded, his voice heavier."...Leave. Now!"I had no choice but to slowly walk toward the door. He rme, even as I left.But just before I could leave completely, he said one lastme.

 Chapter 162: Inner PainJay-jay's POVYou are exactly like Ella. His words keep repeating in m broken record. It hurts so much! He led me on.Keifer hugged me tightly. He didn't say anything and juslike a child crying uncontrollably. His arms and shouldermy tears and snot."You can't blame Yuri..." he said while still holding me. "again.""I know... But it hurts so much."That wasn't my intention. I didn't mean to lead him on. I  purpose. I understand why he's so angry at me. But I justIt feels like a million needles are piercing my heart."Keifer... He doesn't want to cancel the wedding."He let go of me and held my face. Even though my face wsnot and tears... he kissed me. For a moment, I forgot whalso forgot that I looked like a mess. Oh, damn! His moucigarettesandMentosHepulledawayfrommeandimm

 "Don't worry about the wedding. We still have time to thhow to stop it."I sniffled and nodded at him. He kissed me on the forehea little better.He took something from his pocket and handed me a wh"Blow your nose. You're disgusting," he said, laughing.I grabbed the handkerchief and blew my nose loudly. I theverything that was hiding in my nose, and I almost felt l blow my brain out too. After clearing out, I gave the hanhim."Thanks.""It's yours... You might need it. I think you didn't finish wclear out."I just held onto the handkerchief. Keifer started the car. Ime to go home."I want to go home," I almost whispered.He just nodded at me. I remained quiet during the ride. Etalk, what would I say? There were moments when Keifeme, but I couldn't return the gaze.

 "Hm?""I talked to Percy."My heart stopped. I slowly looked at Keifer, who was staahead. Here's another thing confusing me."H-how?""Remember my promise to you? About your father's infoI nodded in response."...I did get his contact number and tried to call it. His seKeifer stopped the car. That's when I noticed we were alrhouse. He didn't stop at the same spot as yesterday. He toand started pressing something. He held it out to me, and playing."Good morning... You're reaching Mr. Mariano's numberwho's on the line?" A man's voice. From the way he spoka foreigner, with a very thick accent in his English.But why is Keifer showing this to me?"This is Keifer Watson. Can I speak to Mr. Mariano? ThiKeifer'svoicesoundedauthoritativeTherewasnoansw

 I couldn't detect any joy in Percy's voice. It was serious aannoyance. The way he said "Bro" had emphasis."Who's this?" Keifer replied quickly."Oh crap! You're making me cry... Have you already forgyears been so long for you to forget your dead friend? Oh pain!"I wanted to be annoyed by what he said, but I didn't knowor just messing with us."Percy?""Finally! I thought you'd never remember my very hands"What the hell?! I have no time for your crap! I need to sMariano. Now!" Keifer's irritation was obvious.Suddenly, Percy laughed. I could feel my irritation too. I playing with Keifer... or maybe with both of us."Mark Keifer Watson... You haven't changed. You're stillThinking you're still the King?""Percy...""Keifer..." Percy mimicked Keifer's tone. "...You are alreMi"Hhkldlihtl

 "Shit! Percy! What the hell is your problem?! I need to taneeds her father!" Keifer said angrily. Even I would be pPercy was saying."Don't shout, Bro! You can't talk to him. No matter how I heard something clink, and then someone spoke in a lanunderstand."...I have to go. Don't worry, we'll be back soon, and whetake Jay-jay from you. From you and from Angelo."The recording ended, and all I could think about was: I dany of that.What is this?! I'm so confused!"W-what do they mean by 'take her back'?! I don't underssaying!" I said angrily.Keifer set his phone aside. "I'm confused too. I'm startingwith him."I just held my head. What the hell is going on?! Who areWhat do you need from me?! Percy Mariano?!"It looks like we have no choice but to wait."Ilkdthi"I'tidfiti"

 David had told him that.Keifer kissed me on the forehead. I looked up and suddenwas drawn to the gate of the house. It opened, and... shit!"It's Kuya Angelo..." I said, quickly looking down. I almthe window.I glanced up at Keifer, who was panicking as he went upgears."Is he still there?!" I asked."Y-yeah... Shit! I got startled by you. I pressed somethinganswered, laughing.I also laughed. His timing is crazy! He just suddenly apphouse.I glanced at him, and he wasn't doing anything. He was jlooking around.What is this?!Here's the problem: if he doesn't leave or go inside the hoof Keifer's car. He'll see me from where the car is parked"I can't get out... He'll see me," I said, almost pleading.

 I looked at him, and I noticed him staring ahead of the caalmost had a heart attack when I saw Aries.Shit! He was staring at us. I could see his fist clenched."It's Aries... I'm getting out now."I thought he'd let go of me, but his grip on me tightened.He turned me to face him and smiled."Bak—" I didn't finish saying it as he suddenly kissed mOh... just the cheek?"Take care. I love you, Jay, until scientists find the end oI? Speechless! I was so out of it that I just nodded. Becauthe hell!"...What's your answer?" he asked."W-what... I love----Ah, frog!"Suddenly, Aries banged on the car window. His look wasdo anything but pull away from Keifer and rush to get ou"Are you really doing this here?" He said, burning me wi

 I thought he had forgotten about it. Or maybe he's been tearlier, but I was zoned out? He really emphasized the w"It's fine," I said while grabbing some clothes."Jay... I know I'm handsome and girls quickly fall for mean eyebrow at me. "...but you don't need to tell Keifer thalike."What did he just say?!If my eyebrow could separate to raise higher, it would'venow."I love Ci-N... Ahihihi..." I just grimaced. He really hits hthat the 'I love you' last night wasn't meant for him.I grabbed the pillow and threw it at him with all my stren just caught it and laughed at me."You're annoying!" I yelled and jumped at him.I started hitting him with the pillow. He just laughed and pillow was gone, I grabbed his hair and started pulling it"Ouch! Ouch!" He yelled.Impact!

 I instantly got a little brother in Ci-N. Even though he oftannoys me, he's actually fun to be with.I let go of him and watched as he squirmed in pain. He loseriously, and I thought he'd get angry, but he suddenly smischievously."Are you jealous of my side?""Shameless! I have one too.""Why are you pinching the side of someone who has one"Idiot!""Jay-jay's jealous!"I hit him again hard, and he blocked it with his arms."If I lose my side, I'll never hear the end of it," He threate"Oh yeah? You won't lose your side, and you eat too muc"Go ahead... pinch my side too, let's see if it disappears—"OW!"I punched him hard on the arm. He'll mess with my side 

 My nervousness disappeared, but it was replaced with coHe looked at me with sad eyes before finally standing upHe went out of the room, and I followed. He was holdinglike he wanted to pull it out. He ended the call after a fewtalking."W-what?" I asked.He looked down. "They said my condo unit is okay now

 Chapter 163: PastJay-jay's POVThere was a time when I was annoyed with Ci-N becauseand how he left a mess in my room. All I could think of akick him out.I was quiet in my room when he wasn't around. I didn't nevery day or night. But my world shook when he came bEvery now and then, he would eat chips, ice cream, juiceand cake. I was always hanging out at the Mini Mart to bsnacks for him. I did his laundry because he didn't know didn't want to ask their maid Tita Gema to do it for him—hands had germs.I was also always sleep-deprived from watching movies would often get scolded because of his nonsense, and I'dhe was always taken care of by Tita Gema and Kuya Angme.And most of all, Aries and I would often fight because ofBut it was also so much fun...MhldldIthdhiihithi

 "Hey! Are we going to finish this or what? Keep doing itgrabbing the clothes I was holding."Leave tomorrow instead," I begged him."Mom doesn't want to. She said it's too embarrassing," h"...If you don't want to be separated from me, apply to beI looked at himnwith a sharp glare. he was crazy! Why wmaid?!"...This is also good so Keifer and Aries won't get jealouWhat?!"Keifer and Aries?" I asked in confusion.I understand Keifer. He's really possessive, even candy inget jealous about. But Aries? That's impossible."How do you know Aries is jealous?""From his eyes. He gets really jealous when we're havinganswered quickly.That's unclear!That'smoreunclearthanfloodwaterHemightbejealou

 I frowned but still gave it to him. We finished organizingwas amazed. We managed to squeeze everything into hisBecause of the sheer amount of clothes, toys, and other k brought, it looked impossible to fit it all in his suitcase. BThere was a knock on the door, and it opened. Kuya Angimmediately looking at Ci's suitcase."Are you ready?" he asked us.Ci-N smiled and nodded. I stood up and we tried to pushwhich was so big that it seemed like I could fit in it.But we were unsuccessful. We'd just barely gotten out ofalready felt like all the blood had drained from my body."Ci-N! What are these, gold?" I asked.he just shook his head. We were close to the stairs, so I pI pushed too hard, and the suitcase accidentally rolled doShit! Shit!"Argh!" someone screamed.We ran downstairs. My eyes widened when I saw the suiAriesnoitwasbettertosayitcrushedhim

 "What the hell?! Where did this come from?!" he yelled "S-sorry. It's my suitcase," Ci-N said.Aries slowly stood up and immediately yelled at Ci. "YoYou're causing trouble!"I hid Ci-N behind me. "I'm the one who's at fault! You doCi-N!" I said angrily, locking eyes with him.You could clearly see the pain on his face, and beads of sforming. He walked away, but not before shooting Ci a d behind me.We tried again to push the suitcase after Aries left. We findoor and were met by Kuya Angelo.He took the suitcase, almost stumbling as he realized how"How much do you want to bet? Kuya can't lift this," I wlittle brat."He can lift it. Kuya's strong," he answered.Kuya tried lifting the suitcase, counting "One, two, three push.Ci and I couldn't help but laugh at how he looked, like he

 We were silent for the rest of the ride. I stared at the light buildings we passed.His condo wasn't that far away. But it felt like we were innow.A world of extreme wealth!We arrived at the condo and, just as we pulled in, I saw Cwaiting at the entrance.Rakki was also there next to her older sister.I heard Ci sigh next to me. he lowered his head and startefingers."This is it... I'll be living on my own now," he said.I felt a wave of sadness. I knew he couldn't handle this yand he was like a 4-year-old in his thinking. How was healone?he looked at me. "Are you sure you really don't want to amaid?"I immediately pinched his cheek. he was so persistent! Winsisting I be his maid?KAllddhiitdhifil

 I punched him in the stomach to stop him. I was already hearted because he was leaving, and all he could think abhe winced. "Joke! Why'd you punch me?""You're so annoying!"We got out of the car, and he followed me. Kuya Angelosuitcase. Even though he didn't show it, I could tell he w"Sorry for the trouble, Mr. Fernandez," Ci's mom greeted"...I know Ci-N has caused a lot of trouble for you," she Ci-N bowed his head, clearly embarrassed by what his m"It's okay. Ci-N wasn't any trouble," Kuya Angelo said, s"Let us thank you for letting Ci-N stay with you. How abdad asked."Thanks, Mr. Peralta. That would be great," Kuya answe"Saturday night?""Sure."I kept glancing between Kuya and Ci's dad. Their converfancyTheybothsoundedsorich

 "Ci-N! Let's go! Say thank you and goodbye to your frienordered.he turned to me and smiled. "You really don't want to apphe's so persistent!I just shook my head, laughing."Too bad... The salary is 50,000," he teased.My eyes widened at his words, but he quickly laughed, s joking. he's such a brat!I messed with his hair. Honestly, I wanted to push him to"Goodbye, Jay... I'll see you at school tomorrow," he saidhis family.Kuya came up to me and put his arm around my shouldeI nodded, and we walked back to the car. Once we were sat in silence, or rather, the silence of the surroundings. Nobody was making any noise.Sigh...KuyastoppedinfrontoftheMiniMart

 I smiled and grabbed my own basket. Since he said I coutake everything. Just kidding—but I really wanted everytAs I was picking out things, I glanced over to the other ssaw someone with yellowish hair. They were tall, and I cabove the shelves.Yellowish hair!Suddenly, I remembered. Who had yellowish hair? That cheesy name, and they looked like someone who sang "P"Jay-jay?" someone called.I turned around, and there was the guy with yellowish halooked like the "PPAP" singer."T-Tiger?""I knew it was you!" he said and quickly walked toward I stepped back, as he looked like he was going in for a hurealized I didn't want one.He looked like a mess!He was wearing a long-sleeve shirt with holes, faded shosocks. Fashion on point!

 "Jay!" Kuya Angelo called from a distance. "...Is everythstopped in his tracks when he saw who I was talking to. "Leo?Who's Leo? I kept glancing between Kuya Angelo and Tlike lion.I looked at Tiger. "You're Leo?"He suddenly smiled widely and put his arm around my shme closer."Long time no see, Angelo," he said teasingly.Kuya's grip on me tightened, and I glanced at him.He was glaring at Leo—Tiger."Everything's fine. Nice to see you here," Kuya said, forcThey stared at each other for a long time. There was somthem. Then Tiger looked at me and winked.My eyebrows furrowed. "I'll poke your eye out," I threatHe chuckled a little. "You're cute. I'm not buying you pizFine!

 Leo and Kuya knew each other?

 Chapter 164: Galawang UlJay-jay's POVSick in the Lungs! But why? How?I didn't understand anything from what Aunt Gema and ttalking about. The only thing I heard was "damaged tissulike that. When did that even happen?!"Jay..." Keifer called me. "...A penny for your thoughts."what you've been thinking about again?" I shook my heareferring to Yuri. His absence made me even more worriI tried texting and calling him, but his phone was off.But what was really bothering me was Aries. I thought h because the suitcase fell on him, but when the doctor sai problem, I started to think.I don't remember Aries smoking. He's always jogging in why would he have lung problems?"Aries... He's in the hospital." I almost whispered. "Whylung problem." Keifer went quiet. I don't know why, but clicked in my mind. I looked at him, and suddenly, "secodithd

 like he was choking on his cough. Along with his cough,"How sweet."That brat!Everyone started staring at him like a bunch of snakes. I Keifer's hand. I knew he knew that Ci knew what was goOur next teacher arrived after Sir Alvin. During the classYuri's seat. What if he went back to his old ways? What iLeo, aka Tiger? I hope not!Suddenly, someone kicked my chair. I almost screamed.I glared at Keifer because he was the only one next to medone that.He pretended not to notice and just stared at the board.What now?I straightened up, and suddenly, my chair shook. One of uneven. Ugh, so annoying! I tried to fix it, but everyone w"Ms. Mariano? Is there a problem?" Our teacher asked."Sorry, sir. I'm just fixing my chair." I said and stood up.let me continue what I was doing.

 "Mr. Watson and Ms. Mariano," our teacher called.Ci-N raised his hand. "Correction, sir, it should be Mrs. WThe whole class erupted in laughter. They're all animals!"Keifer... What are you doing? I'm going back to my sea pleading."Stay here." He ordered and looked at our classmates. "..chair."What?!Eren walked over and started trying to fix my chair. I didI'd have to sit here, but I didn't like it.Seriously?!Everyone in class was watching us. Some were giggling others gave serious looks, like Josh and David, who didnOnce Eren finished, I quickly returned to my seat. I bowe both embarrassed and irritated. Who likes that kind of attThe class ended without me acknowledging the annoyingI felt like he did that on purpose.Ournextteacherarrivedandwehadalongdiscussion

 Keifer stood up and began speaking. Honestly, I didn't unhe was saying. I didn't understand the lesson at all becauattention.He suddenly stopped and looked at me. "What's the TagaProfit... earnings?"Kita or kinita, I think," I answered uncertainly.He went back to explaining. I noticed that his explanatioWhat was the connection with what he asked me?He stopped again and looked at me. "What about 'ExpenDoes that even exist?I shook my head because I had no idea, but he kept waitiso without thinking, I blurted out:"Expensive love?"He smiled at me. "I love you too."Oh crap!The class erupted in laughter again. That idiot!IjustloweredmyheadIdidn'twantthemtoseemyface

  just to stay away from him.Maybe he noticed me avoiding him. In the next subject, htapping me, but I ignored him."Jay..."Don't pay attention! He's just trying to get attention."Jay-jay..."Keifer is just being a brat!"Jasper..."Forget it!"Jean..."You jerk!"Mariano..."I'm done with you!"Watson."That's you, not me!

 "My life..."Hmm?!"My everything..."What is he even saying?!"Just pay attention, Jay... I think Keifer wants to serenadCalix said, and I glared at him.He just laughed at me. Apparently, everyone else was wawas our teacher taking so long?"Hey..." Keifer called again.This time, I faced him. "What is it?""Do you want lips?" He asked, smiling.I raised an eyebrow. Is this guy for real?"...here!" He pulled out four pieces of Lips Candy from hhanded them to me.I thought he meant something else. I was about to take thsweet stuff, but suddenly, he pulled his hand away with t

 I felt dizzy, not because of the loud cheering and the ban but because of how fast my heart was beating."Delicious, right?" He said, still smiling.Asshole!I stood up so quickly in shock. I was about to say someth just froze. Nothing came out.I could only stomp my feet and walk out of the room. I wsecond floor of the building. Damn it!Yes... we kissed, but not in front of everyone. I didn't liklike what he was doing either. Even if Yuri wasn't here, Ihurting him.I just lost the desire to be in class. I sat on the floor and lewall."Jay..." someone called me.When I looked, it was Drew and Denzel. I got a little scamight be a ghost."What?"They sat down beside me.

 That kid!He can't keep anything to himself. He tells everyone. Helater."Keifer is the one you picked? What about Yuri?" Denze"You should've chosen Yuri." Mayo added."I can't control what my heart feels." I said quietly."Even so... you don't understand," Drew added.I looked at them confused. "What do you mean?"Denzel stood up from beside me. "Keifer will just make yThen Drew followed him. "I hope you don't regret not chWhat the..."The class is divided again. I just hope you don't get caugMayo said and walked away.Denzel and Drew followed him. I was left feeling confusthey said.Whatever happens, think carefully. This love triangle is ctroubleinSectionEIdon'twantyoutogothroughwhat

 Chapter 165: DinnerJay-jay's POVI'm all over the place again! Not because of drama, but boverthinking. The thing I've been afraid of is starting to hwho were supporting Keifer and Yuri are no longer talkinindifferent, but they are forced to get involved in the conWhat's worse is that it's escalating. Like with Kit Mayo. talking because of their issue, and now it's affecting us tocrazy!Then, I heard a knock on my door. It opened, and Kuya A"Jay... Get dressed. We're going somewhere." He ordered"Ha?""Get dressed, just wear a dress or something."He walked out of my room. I didn't get the chance to askwere going.I stood up and grabbed some clothes. Even though I was gotdressedanywayIalsofixedmyhairButIwasn'tfee

 "You told me to..." I began, but he interrupted me."Never mind! We're going to be late. Let's go!"I scratched my head and followed him to the car."Where are we going?"He didn't answer and just silently stared out the window.even doing? Tito Julz and Tita Gema weren't with us eithwatching over Aries in the hospital.The car slowed down and parked in front of a fancy restalike only wealthy people ate there.And I was right. Just stepping inside, I already wanted tothough I was wearing a dress, I didn't feel like I belongedeven though he was in semi-formal wear, still looked thewas wearing a messy, everyday outfit, he still fit in."Kuya, what's going—" I didn't need to finish the sentencstood, I could see Yuri and his parents.Great!"We're having a dinner date with Yuri and his parents," Ktowards their table.Iflldhibthtlftfltlikthdid't

 He smiled again and pulled me to sit down. He helped mseat. I looked at him with confusion because, well, it felthappened between us."...How's Aries? I hope it's not too serious what happenedmom said to Kuya."He's okay now. He's been sick for a while. His body jusand he had difficulty breathing again," Kuya explained.Sick for a while? I had no clue Aries had been sick for thnothing in his appearance to indicate it."That's good to hear. Anyway, let's talk about the weddinUgh, seriously...Here we go. I'm about to be dragged into this mess again"We were hoping to have the wedding next year, but Otothat. So, we'll just wait for Jay-jay's birthday."My head started to hurt. My birthday? Is this a joke? Myfew months! A FEW MONTHS!"Jay-jay?" Kuya called my attention.He probably noticed I was staring at the table. I couldn't t

 "That's great! I'll go with you to choose," Yuri's mom saismile.I smiled back, but I noticed Kuya's meaningful look. He intently.I turned away quickly but ended up meeting Yuri's gaze. sign of anger or frustration from him.Why is he like this? He should be mad at me. He should shouldn't be talking to me. Why?Suddenly, Yuri looked at me again and smiled. The conv"We also need to teach Jay-jay Japanese so she won't havgo to Japan."I almost lost my balance from hearing that. Japan? Why Japan? What's my role there?"Are you okay?" Yuri asked.I just nodded, but he didn't seem to believe me."I'll take Jay-jay outside to get some fresh air," he said, aup.He guided me to the side of the restaurant, where there wlldItdtilbk

 He sighed deeply. "I can't. I can't be mad at you or hate yI looked at him in confusion. What do you mean you "caYou should be angry at me.He sat down in front of me, his knee serving as a supportat the same height now."...That's how much I love you. Even with all the betrayahurt you've caused me. I can't hate you. Yeah, I yelled at realized that was wrong, and I apologize for that."Apologize?! Is he serious?Tears fell from my eyes without me realizing it. It felt likchoking me."Don't make this harder for me," I begged. "...I don't deseHe held my face, wiping away my tears with his thumb."Maybe you don't deserve it. But I still love you. I still wyou."Stop it..."Yuri... Please... Stop."Hesmiledatme"Iwon'tstopNotnow"Hepulledhish

 I sat back down on the bench, my knees giving out undertears over and over again. But every time I tried to get upthe tears kept racing down.How frustrating...A few minutes later, I heard my phone vibrating in my pwas calling."Jay?"I looked at the one who called my name. I was surprised calling me. It wasn't Keifer. He was wearing glasses.Keigan!He was with a woman I recognized."What are you doing here?" I asked, adjusting myself."We're here to celebrate my girlfriend's birthday," Keiganhis companion and pulling her closer. "...This is Elixera Fgirlfriend."She smiled at me and extended her hand. I took it and shremembered her now! She was Blaster's best friend, the oon his phone.ShbtifliNdth

 "I... well, I..." Suddenly, her phone rang.She signaled for me to be quiet and took a step away fromWhile I waited for Keigan to finish his call, I couldn't takgirlfriend. There were times she'd glance at me and smileself-conscious.I couldn't stop staring at her!Suddenly, her phone rang again. She took it out of her ba picture of Blaster on the screen with the word "Calling...She panicked and quickly turned off her phone, putting iShe looked at Keigan, but he didn't seem to notice. She bturned back to me, as if she wanted to say something."Are you Jay-jay?" she asked.I nodded."U-uh, I was wondering... maybe you could..."I knew what she was about to say. She didn't want KeigaBlaster called her. I smiled and made a zipping motion aI'd stay quiet. It might cause a scene if I said anything."Happybirthday"Isaid

 Keifer! Suddenly, I felt a rush of excitement for reasons After everything that happened, I also wanted to talk to hI walked ahead of Keigan, and when I entered the restaurwith another woman.

 Chapter 166: Bread KnifeJay-jay's POVWhen I first met Freya, I hated her so much. Why? It's simatched my level of pettiness. If we had talked properlyhave been friends. I would have accepted her even if shecoloring book and had a record of being a Total Bitch. Bof us wanted to back down, we could never get along.I thought Freya was the worst, but I was wrong. So wronI met this woman!I feel like Yuri's parents—no, scratch that. Let's remove t because they definitely did this on purpose. Sharing our hell! They had their own celebration, yet they decided to joke?! This whole situation feels more like a joke than thcompanion. She's clinging to his arm like crazy.They're dressed so formally too. She must be Freya's frielike a coloring book. What's weird is that she seems famiremember which hell she crawled out of. Demon!I glanced at Yuri's mom. She was staring at me, but she snoticed I saw her. She's seen me with Keifer before, so mhiidhhWhdhh?

 The King of Snakes cleared his throat. "I met her at a Hayear..."Halloween? Holy cow! The flirty Bunny Girl who danceremember! That's why I felt so angry around her. He consaying he only recently found out she's Mr. Ryder's nieceso annoying... Honey Bee Ryder. Nice! But why is she here?!There's so much food in front of us, but I've lost my appewoman's face. What's even more annoying is that Keifer at me. On top of that, Yuri and her mom are clearly tryingreaction.What do they want?"Maki... Open your mouth." The woman said, trying to fWhat? Maki?! Maki! MAKI!!! Where the hell did that "M"Maki?!" I asked loudly, causing everyone to look at meHoney—no, Bee—raised an eyebrow at me. "It's Keifer'sit to him! Got a problem with that?" she asked in a sassy I looked at Keifer, but he had no reaction as he stared at maren't you doing anything? Don't you have anything to sa

 "It's your favorite, right?" he cut me off.he still remembers that. When we had dinner at her housgrandma, I asked him for the potatoes."Thank you..." I said, forcing a smile.The heaviness of our earlier conversation hasn't gone awirritation with these two is stronger.he smiled back at me."Are you two together?" Honey suddenly asked us.I was caught off guard by her question. I didn't know howmake things worse, Yuri's sister and parents also looked aall waiting for my answer.Wait! Why me?!Even Keigan and his girlfriend looked at us."W-we... We're—" Yuri suddenly held my hand.I looked at her, and she gave me a meaningful smile."We're more than friends but less than lovers," Yuri answKeifer and the woman.

 shoulder of this SNAKE King.My ears burned at what she said. He doesn't want an offiwith her? Seriously?! You don't even look serious, and yofficial?The fabric of your dress is barely holding on! And you exrelationship? Oh, please! Should I shave your head?A male waiter approached us with a cake. Keigan stood uand placed it in front of Elixera. We started singing "Hapclapping.While everyone was busy singing, I took the chance to loThankfully, he was also looking at me.I glared at him. I wanted to scream at him and curse him thankful there are so many people around. He seemed to to say because he forced a smile that looked more like a "...Happy Birthday to you!" We finished the song and wa blow out the candle.We gave her a loud round of applause. They went back twent back to staring at the two.I'm so annoyed by their appearance. I couldn't take it anymy phone. I almost crushed the screen typing a message,

 To: King of SnakesMessage: 'You're crazy!'I saw him frown when he saw my reply. It didn't even takgot his response.From: King of SnakesMessage: 'Profanity!'I raised an eyebrow. He really had the nerve to demand tTo: King of SnakesMessage: 'You're the profanity!'He kept looking back and forth between me and his phontyping a reply, Honey suddenly took his phone and turneShe placed it on the table, and this idiot didn't even compHoney turned to him and held his chin with one finger."I want your full attention on me. Only me," she said, bricloser to Keifer.Damn it! The bread knife is ready!

 he leaned closer to me and whispered, "Jealous?"I immediately shook my head. "I'm just annoyed by their"That's part of jealousy," he said, looking at Keifer. "...D back at them?"I don't know, but what he said was tempting. It's true... Itgood to get back at them, and they'd both be crawling in I slowly nodded. he leaned even closer to me and whispe"Giggle," he said.Huh?!"What? Goggle?" I asked, and he suddenly laughed.That got the attention of Keifer and Keigan, who were ne"Is that Mr. Billiones?" Yuri's dad suddenly said, lookingwho looked like businessmen because of their attire. "...CWe'll introduce you."Yuri's sister and parents stood up. They approached the g businessmen. The six of us were left at the table, and I w by the way Keifer looked at me.YuriandIalmostmelted

 She might remember that I was with Keifer at the Hallowcan't remember! I know she saw... There's no answer to wimportant..."Impossible! My beauty is unique. It's hard to find someosaid, laughing a little.She raised an eyebrow. "Really? Where can you find somthe market?"I narrowed my eyes at her. The market?! And what does "Excuse me?!""You're excused," she replied with a sassy smile.She's challenging me. Wait! I'll just sharpen the bread knBitch Mode: ON!"You? Where can someone like you be found?" I asked.From my peripheral view, I saw Yuri drinking water. Keiand Elixera and Keigan exchanged looks.The girl flipped her hair before answering. "It's hard to fime. I'm one of a kind."Islowlynodded"AhhNotatagaybar?"

 I mimicked her tone. "Ha.Ha.Ha. You're so Fanget."Her eyebrows furrowed completely. She's about to exploShe might even pull my hair. The bread knife should be r"...I mean, Funny," I corrected."You know what?" She crossed her arms, making her chedon't like your tone. In fact, I don't like you at all."I also crossed my arms, though my cleavage was hidden"It's okay... I don't like you either, and the feeling is mutuan annoying smile.She just shook her head. "This makes no sense.""You make no sense."She was starting to turn red with anger. She couldn't stoplooks."Relax... Please... Don't make a scene here," Keigan saidHoney seemed to snap out of it. She took a deep breath a"I'm going to the restroom," she said, looking at Keifer. "Join?!Joinhuh!

 I stood up and excused myself to go to the restroom. No even though Yuri really wanted to. he seemed scared whmean look.I walked straight to the restroom. As expected, she was fretouching her makeup, and seemed to be waiting for meI looked at her reflection in the mirror. She did the same.She stopped and seemed to sense the other women in theleft, and some didn't even enter the stalls.We waited for everyone to leave before she spoke. "I remshe said, turning to face me. "...You're the girl who was wHalloween party. You're also the one he kissed that nightI crossed my arms. "So what?"She smirked. "You have something going on with the guearlier, right? And then there's Keifer. You're such a flirt."Yes! Just like you."She looked me up and down. She raised an eyebrow wheshoes. I know, wearing a dress with sneakers is tacky."You're not that pretty, but if you flirt... You might run ousaid, making my eyebrows furrow completely.

 I didn't want to hurt anyone or get into a physical fight. B pushed me too far. For the first time... I lost a battle of peAll because of the words I once heard people throw at mRunning out of men.Honey's hand was shaking as she tried to wash the bloodsink.I left the restroom feeling so upset. I was in the hallway wHe looked at me and immediately walked over. He held mme against the wall. He was smiling as he slowly leaned with his hands."How's your conversation with Honey?" he asked, annoyIt's like the name "Honey" sounds wrong coming from h"None of your business!" I snapped.He laughed a little. "Are you jealous?"ME?! JEALOUS?! WHY?!"No," I answered calmly."You'rejealous"

 I'm really not!He raised two fingers. I thought he was making a peace shis annoying smile."Two profanity words—actually, it's three from yesterdayI slapped his hand. "You're the profanity! You kissed me though you smoked, I could taste it." I leaned in to smellsmell like cigarettes now!"He smelled himself. "I didn't smoke! It's Honey, the smeI narrowed my eyes at him. "Don't lie! Go kiss your HONand walked away from him."And you say you're not jealous," I heard him say.I'm really not!Like an idiot! I have no reason to be jealous. Why wouldBecause I love him and he loves me too? Pffft... Not realWhen I got back to our table, Yuri's sister and parents weThey glanced at me briefly and went back to their converthey had agreed on something with the person they introSister, Angelo."Didtthtl?"Yikd

 Honey couldn't answer properly because she was havingIt seems I hit her pretty hard."Sorry, Auntie and Uncle, but we have to go now. I needthe hospital," Keifer said, kissing their cheeks."It's good that you're taking care of her," they replied.He asked Keigan, and it seemed they were leaving too. Tto me and walked out of the restaurant.Before they completely disappeared from my sight, I sawcling to Keifer's arm again.Keifer, you better watch out!

 Chapter 167: PapersJay-jay's POV"Hey! Pay up! You're trying to run away!" Rory shouted  payments.It was time to settle the fees for the retreat on Monday. Tcover our expenses, so we had to pay ourselves.Only for Section E!I fumbled for my wallet in my bag. I needed to pay too. Iembarrassing if I was the last one to pay, and it's hard to "I've paid!" Felix shouted and looked at me. "...Have you"Not yet—""Consider it paid!" Rory cut me off before I could finish.I stopped searching for my wallet in my bag and gave him"Hey, I haven't paid yet!""Keifer already paid for you earlier." That jerk?

 He was clearly annoyed by what I did. Maybe I shouldn'thim to wake him up, but I was irritated.He suddenly stood up and grabbed my hand, dragging mto the side of the building.We stopped at a distance, and he looked at me angrily. "W problem? I've treated you before, haven't I?""It's different now... It's not the same as before."He crossed his arms and stared at me for a long time. "ThThe truth... Because... Ugh! Ever since he told me about how rich he was and how poor I am.And last night, after they left the restaurant, Yuri's parenttalked about Watson Enterprise. On Keifer's birthday, thewould be replaced, and he would be given full access.At 18, he already owns his own company. How about thaHe's one of the youngest bachelors and millionaires—nothe Philippines.Compared to me, I'm about to turn 18, and all I can thinkof ice cream.OlidifftIfltdItdthikth

 thinking."Why didn't you answer my calls last night?"I swallowed hard. He had called and texted me several tianswer because I was so annoyed with him and that HonI don't want any drama!"I-I was... busy.""Doing what?" he said, stepping closer.I stepped back because of his proximity."Hmmm... Cleaning my room."It was true! I was cleaning, especially after I saw under mof junk food wrappers."Ms. Mariano... Are you lying to me?" He took another s"No! It's true...""Is that really the reason? Because it seems like there's sostepped closer again.I stepped back again. I almost tripped over a stone but mmyself

 "As if! Who would I be jealous of? Honey? No way!" I sHe suddenly laughed while stepping closer to me. I triedwas already against the wall.Oh no!Can't I just phase through this wall? Like in Harry PotterKeifer grabbed my chin and forced me to look at him. Mon their own."You're too obvious. You know that?" he said slowly, almHis voice was so enticing. It was almost seductive.You're being seduced?!Yes—crap! No, I'm not!"...you almost got sued by Honey for what you did to herMy eyes widened, and my knees almost gave out. A laws jail!"A lawsuit?""Yes... But we already talked about it. So, no need to worsmiled

 Did I admit it? Not really! This guy is making things up."I'm not—" He stopped me from speaking by pressing himy lips."Stop explaining," he said and slowly leaned in closer.I subtly sniffed him without him noticing. No trace of cigis good.I closed my eyes, waiting for the—ahihihihi! Oh my!Why am I so flirty? Ugh!And then it happened. What I was waiting for. It started rkidding! Our lips met. Honestly, I missed this.The kiss deepened gradually. My hands were on his chesneck, while one of his hands was on the back of my headagainst the wall.With every move he made, I responded, until suddenly..."That's so sweet."We immediately pulled apart. I faced the wall, pretendingwhile Keifer turned to face the person who spoke."IIthoughtthiswasthewaytoplatform9¾?"Iaskeda

 I looked to see who it was, and of course, it was bad luckclassmates were watching us.Led by Ci-N, followed by Kit, Edrix, Rory, and Felix. Otat me. Some of Yuri's supporters weren't there, and otherindifferent."Tss..." I heard Keifer say. He seemed annoyed by what Cdid. "...Do you need something?""Nothing... They just called Jay-jay to the Guidance OffiGuidance Office?!Did I do something wrong recently? Did I fight with Freykids? Section D? Did I argue with any of them?Why was I being called to the Guidance Office? I looked"Do you want me to take you there?""Ayyiiieeehhhh...." Ci-N and the others teased, causing Koff."N-no... I can go on my own."I walked slowly. No matter how many times I tried to thiget called, I couldn't remember anything.

 "S-sorry..." I said to the person I grabbed.They just nodded and walked away. I looked at who bumof course, it was bad luck."ARE YOU BLIND?!" Freya shouted angrily at me.I wasn't in the mood to argue. So annoying!"If I'm blind, what does that make you? Stupid?" I replieShe crossed her arms and glared at me. I noticed other stuwatch us.Tsk! I don't want to fight."If I'm stupid, you're useless!"I chuckled lightly. "So you admit you're stupid?"She suddenly paused, thinking about what I said. I couldand disappointment on her face. She was speechless.I didn't wait for her response. I continued walking to the I stopped right in front of the Guidance Office door.I hesitated to knock. What if I was called because I did so

 "Weirdo," he commented and walked away.Weirdo? Be thankful you just got out of the hospital. Oh to send you back there.His classmates were laughing at me. Just you wait, your I entered the office, and the guidance counselor greeted mname again?"Ms. Mariano?" she asked."Y-yes... You called for me?""Yes... Come here," she said, walking to her office.When I entered, she pointed to the chair in front of her dewaited for her. She rummaged through her drawer.Mrs. Reyalidad.Okay... Thanks to the nameplate. I remembered her nameAfter rummaging through her drawer, she walked back todown.She handed me a few pieces of paper. "Sign these for theCounselor of Holy Saints High School."

 She nodded. "We want to make sure your records from yin order."What's wrong with my records? Holy Shit—Saints, I megrudge against me. They're making my records a problem"What if I can't get them signed?" I asked."You won't graduate," she replied quickly.Shoooooooooooooootttt!!!I won't graduate? Just because of some records. How abogoodness... I don't want to go back to Holy Saints. This iI looked at Ma'am. I wanted to plead with her. Ask her tohandle it. I can't go back there."It shouldn't be a problem, right? Especially since your rand it's happening near that school," she said, confusing Happening? Next week? Oh my gosh! Next week alreadAnd it's happening in our province. Nice..."...I hope you can get it signed quickly," she smiled at myouradviseraboutthissotheycanletyouleave"

 I walked back to the room absentmindedly. Can't Sir Alvis so annoying!Because I was lost in thought, I accidentally bumped intowith me. When I looked up to see who it was, I froze."Sorry... Are you okay?" Yuri asked me."Y-yes... I'm fine. Sorry too."I continued walking, and he walked with me. He's back ishould be good news, but I was more worried about the pholding.When I got back to the room, they suddenly went silent.  passed by.When I looked up, Keifer's eyes met mine. I guess I didnanything—his angry gaze was enough to melt me.Yuri held my shoulder and walked to his seat. I followed put the papers in my bag.When I sat down, the atmosphere in the room was heavyeveryone was doing their own thing, it felt like they weresomething to happen.What's going on?

 Oh no!Josh followed and immediately punched him. I panickedthem.I was about to stop them, but I froze at the scene inside thThey were all fighting. Like, everyone!"What the..." I muttered."F*** you!""You're an idiot!""This is for you!""F*** you too!""Your breath stinks!""Pay your debts!""There's no such thing as forever!"I pulled my hair in frustration. They were so chaotic, andeven doing?Don'tgototherestroomagain!

 "What's this? What's going on?!" I asked anxiously.The others gradually stopped fighting. He avoided my gano intention of explaining. I let go of him and faced Yurigetting up."What's going on? Why are you all fighting?"I thought he would answer, but like Keifer, he avoided mThey really had no intention of explaining, so I looked atall avoided eye contact. Ci-N, who had just entered the rospeak, but David covered his mouth and held him tightlyThese jerks!I felt annoyed by their behavior. It was obvious no one w"No one's going to talk?" I asked irritably.Even with that question, no one answered. Out of frustra bag and quickly left the room. Let them be! I lost the desSo annoying!

 Chapter 168: ExamJay-jay's POVWHY?!Why didn't anyone tell me that the exam was this Saturdadecide not to talk to me? They didn't even tell me the exacrying!Aside from not telling me, I also didn't get to review. Is tme?!"Kuuyyyaaaa... I haven't reviewed at all. Come on!" I pleolder brother, Angelo, as I followed him.Since I had no review at all, I planned to fake being sick it didn't work!I kept begging him to call the school and tell them I was We were in the middle of our argument when— "...Kuuuuyyyyaaaa..."Hestoppedwalkingandgavemeasharplook."Cutitou

 "That's why you have to take the exam today," Kuya saidwalking away.T_T... I'm really about to cry."That's what you get for being lazy," Aries said as he waIs it my fault? Those jerks pissed me off. I got lazy and sfew days. This is all their fault.R.I.P. to my grades. I walked to school with a frown. I w bike, but I was too out of it—I might get into an accidenWhen I got to school, the first person I saw was Calix. It  just dropped Mica off. He smiled at me, but that didn't hihis lips.He immediately noticed where I was looking and quicklywalking straight to the classroom. My feet felt heavy, bumove.From the corner of my eye, I saw Felix and Rory. They b but Felix winced, probably because of the cut on his lip. cheek, which had a scratch.I couldn't bring myself to return their smiles. Worry tookseeing them come to school with bruises and wounds, budid that to each other... It made me sad.

 I wanted to review, but I knew nothing would stick in mydeep sigh. I still had to try.As I sat down and opened my bag, I was about to grab mfroze.Why are there so many chocolates?I quickly glanced around. I had to make sure no one saw mob me for it.Did my bag suddenly start producing chocolates? Becau buying or taking any—oh! Right...Aunt Gema must have put them in. I saw her earlier withchocolates. She even mentioned that eating them while rThat's why my bag felt so heavy earlier.I glanced at Ci-N. He was folding paper into an airplane.Light bulb moment...I grinned widely as I took a chocolate from my bag."Ci-N!" I called out.He turned to me, still holding his paper airplane.

 "No! I already know what you're going to ask! I'm not anshouted without looking at me.Pfft... Annoying!But I won't give up. I know your weaknesses, guys!I looked at the others. They quickly averted their gazes, etell they wanted some.Tsk... You think I'll give up? No way!I unwrapped a chocolate. Slowly, I took a bite, even closdramatically, like in a TV commercial."Shit... So good," I said just loud enough for them to heayour mouth instantly."I glanced at them. They pretended not to care, but some wtheir lips."...The sweetness isn't overwhelming," I added. "...It's soreviewing."I looked at Yuri, who was staring at me.I saw his Adam's apple move up and down. He forced hiat his notes.

 Still avoiding me...I glanced at the troublemakers. One of them even wiped was drooling.Then my phone buzzed. A text message.From: King of TroubleMessage:"Stop it! It's not funny!"Looks like he's getting pissed. I looked up, and our eyes glaring at me like he was about to attack.Okay... Sorry.I was about to reply when Ci-N suddenly lunged in frontdesperate."I'll talk! Just give me some!" he begged.I gave him a wide grin. I finished the chocolate in my haand showed him its contents—making sure the others saw"See this?" I asked.Henoddedpracticallydrooling

 "It's just chocolate! We can buy some!"But Ci-N seemed deaf to their protests. His eyes were locchocolates. I almost clapped in excitement."Tell me, Ci... Why were you all fighting last time?" I askHe glanced at Keifer and Yuri before motioning for me toWhen I did, he whispered."Keifer and Yuri fought. Of course, we all took sides, so  brawl."IT'S HAPPENING!This is it. Section E is splitting apart. This shouldn't be hfilled me as I looked around. The others quickly avoided"W-what were they fighting about?"Ci-N bit his lip and looked at Keifer before shaking his hI opened my bag wider and leaned it toward him. His eyelonging."B-because... It's—""Shut your mouth, Ci-N!" Keifer suddenly cut him off.

 "You're just making things harder for Ci-N!" Denzel add"Mind your own business!" Kit shouted.I just watched them. I didn't understand. Was it that hard fought?This is a disaster.I signaled Ci-N to go ahead and take the chocolates fromhesitated at first, but when I smiled at him, he finally tooAfter grabbing the chocolates, he went back to his seat. Iwho was glaring at Mayo. Why doesn't he want the otherSir Alvin arrived, carrying our test questionnaires. He didfirst—he must have sensed the tension in the room."Go back to your seats!Sir is here."   David said, causing everyone to sit properly.During the exam, my focus wasn't on answering the test on their fight. Why wouldn't they tell me anything? Whafrom me?One by one, the Ulupong members submitted their paperstaying, they grabbed their bags and started leaving the r

 "Don'tforgetthe documents youneedtogetsigned on MI just nodded and forced a smile. Ugh! I almost forgot abheadache to deal with.When I stepped out of the room, they were gone. Looks lhome to avoid my questions. I had no choice but to go hoI tried texting Yuri and Keifer about it, but they didn't repmessaged the others, but I got nothing from them either.When I got home, Aries and Ella were the first people I smood to talk to them, so I went straight to my room.I changed into comfortable clothes and lay down on my bchecking my inbox, hoping someone would reply.This is so annoying!I heard a knock on my door, and it slowly opened.I was facing away, so I didn't see who it was. I immediateither Kuya Angelo or Tita Gema."My exam wentfine. Ijustwanttorestfor now."   I said without looking back."Yourroomisverysimple"

 She looked around my room first. Good thing I cleaned igaze finally landed on me."Iwanted to talk to you."   She said directly."...Can Ilook around?"   I just nodded, allowing her to do so. There wasn't anythinroom. No decorations or anything visually appealing to l"So,you and Keifer are together now."   She said while looking at my study table.I didn't answer, but I didn't take my eyes off her either.What do you want?"...WhataboutYuri?"   I let out a small laugh. I knew it. This was about Yuri andguys who were part of her past in Section E."WhataboutYuri?"   I asked in a bored tone.

 "...He's stillhoping."   She put it down and continued walking around in front o"...And he wouldn'tbe hopingifhe wasn'tbeing given ho Nice...This girl is pissing me off! What is she trying to say?"Oh?"   "Stop leading Yurion. You're justhurting him."   She ordered.I stood up from my bed and glared at her."Look who's talking. Have you forgottenthatyou hurthiElla met my glare. Just by her expression, I knew she wadown."You don'tknow whatreally happened.So you have no rlike that!"   "You're doing the same to me. So don'ttalk down to me eIwalkedtothedoorandopenedit—notformyself,butf

 "Ella!"   Aries called out.Ella walked away, and I shut my door before sitting dowmy bed.What did she mean by that? And why is she even interfercare about us? She should be focusing on Aries—he's thenow.Because of what she said, my thoughts became even morrealize how much time had passed until it was already laand getting dark outside.I stepped out of my room to get some water. On my wayran into Kuya, who was dressed up nicely."Why aren'tyou dressedyet?"   He asked me.I looked at him in confusion."F-for what?"   "We have a dinner date withthe Peraltas."   WaitThat'stoday?!

 We were dining at a Chinese restaurant.Wow, fancy—Ci-N and his family really know how to pi"How was your exam, Jay?"   Kuya asked me while driving.I looked out the window. How do I even tell him I barelyanything?"I-itwas okay..."   I replied. Neither Kuya nor Tita asked anything further. It seemed my answer without question.When we arrived, Kuya parked the car. The first person Ithe entrance was Ci-N, smiling widely at me."Good evening, Mr. Fernandez."   Ci-N's older brother greeted Kuya Angelo.They shook hands briefly. He did the same with Tita Gemturned to me, he just gave me a sharp look.IswearI'llpokeyoureyesout!

 "Hey... You owe me answers." I whispered to him.His face suddenly turned serious. He stopped walking an"Jay... I don't want to talk about it. It's not my place to sahand. "...But please, forgive me."Forgive him?"What are you talking about?""We did something terrible to you. Something really badHe didn't say anything more.Even though I wanted to ask, I couldn't bring myself to dAnother thing to stress over...

 Chapter 169: Holy ShitJay-jay's POVOur province is simple. Some parts have houses, while oUnlike in the city, where vehicles are packed closely tog biking is more common here.When I was old enough to remember, there were only a fhouse with Mama wasn't fully built. It had one room for There was a big tree nearby, and I often climbed it with AThen came the incident I couldn't remember. After beingthe hospital, I moved in with Grandma. It was a bigger hSpanish-style, but sturdy.I was enrolled in a public school, but my student life wasgot into fights, so they transferred me to a private schooland I also thought—that things would get better at Holy I became famous, but not because of my looks. It was beinto fights. I had no friends. My classmates were either a pretended to be nice because they could benefit from meIwasintheGuidanceofficealmosteverydayTheycall

 He was insane!He replaced me as the school's top troublemaker, acting l best. Then something I never expected happened. I uninthim. Grandma had a heart attack and almost died.That became the reason my aunt took me in. I left all thein this province.I never thought I'd return so soon. So soon? I was hopingyears before coming back."We're almost at the camping site..." Sir Alvin announcedmicrophone.Some students who were sleeping woke up and stretchedand tried to go back to sleep.Thankfully, we had our own bus this time. We thought win with other sections again.I hate that!I glanced at the seat across from me. Keifer was staring aaway. I was still mad at them.But that wasn't the real reason I avoided eye contact. Sinhad felt uneasy all the way to the province. I didn't want kdidhbkf

 The bus stopped, and we all got off with our things. Thistrip, according to the organizers.I had been to this place before when it wasn't developed.out and drink here, but the landowner kicked us out, sayimany snakes.Could there still be snakes here?As expected, my batchmates started acting fussy.Who in their right mind goes on a retreat wearing heels?Freya!That girl is so clueless. Her heels were so high—did she going to the mall? So dramatic!"This way, everyone!" the organizer called out using a mWe lined up by section, and from where I stood, I saw AI knew he understood that I wasn't happy to be back in thThe organizer gave a speech, but I wasn't paying attentioelsewhere."...You'll see your section's flag, and that's where your ca be," he continued before signaling us to move.

 Our disappointment was immeasurable when we arrivedTrash everywhere! It looked like aliens had camped here Not far away, I spotted tall grass. Damn it... What if therethere?"Is this really our spot?" Felix asked while kicking a burnground. "...Does the organizer have a grudge against us?I wanted to ask the same thing. It felt like we weren't everetreat.That's why Rory complained, saying we weren't included"The place seems too small for us," Eman pointed out asI scanned the area. He was right! It was too cramped for up individual tents.The organizer really had it out for us!"We're already here... There's nothing we can do," Denzeto clean a spot. "...Let's just set up our things."The others followed his lead, putting down their bags andtents. I was about to set mine up beside Ci-N's tent whengrabbed my bag."H!"IlldtKif

 Once we finished setting up the tents, I realized mine waSo that's why he put me here!I went inside my tent and arranged my things—pillow, band of course... Snorlax.I couldn't leave him behind, even though squeezing him was a struggle. While organizing, I noticed the envelope Tsk! The documents I needed to get signed!I made sure my things were in order before stepping out the envelope, I faced Keifer."I—I need to go," I told him."Where are you going?" Yuri asked."T—to my old school... I need to get this signed," I answ"I'll go with you," Ci offered, but I shook my head."It's fine... I'll go alone. I won't take long."I didn't wait for their responses and walked away.I saw Sir Alvin talking to the organizer, so I approached permissionSincehealreadyknewaboutitheletmego

 It felt like I was heading toward my death.Sounds dramatic, but that's exactly how I felt.When the tricycle stopped in front of the school gate—déhad been in this exact situation before.I approached the guardhouse and stated my purpose. Thenew and didn't recognize me. I wasn't sure if that was a gHe signaled me to enter. Since it was class time, the hallw but I couldn't avoid the janitor."Jay-jay?" he asked, squinting at me with his weak eyesireally you?" Nope! Just a hologram!I walked closer and forced a smile. I felt guilty—let's justhe people who used to disrespect him. But he never got "How have you been, Manong?""It is you!" he said, surprised, placing the rag on his shouaround. "...Why are you here? Are you enrolling again?""N-no... I just need to get something signed at the GuidanHesmiledatmethesamesmilehealwaysgavemeev

 I scratched my head. Damn it! I expected the school to bleft, but it got worse."...Alright, I should get back to work. Take care! It's gooBefore he could grab his broom, I held his arm. He lookeconfusion, but I was serious."Manong... I—I just wanted to say... I'm sorry for everytI felt a heavy weight as I said those words—not because  but because "sorry" wasn't enough.He smiled again. "It's all good, dear."That was all he said, yet the weight in my chest disappeaI smiled, not out of force, but from the heart.My confrontation with Manong was one of the reasons wcourage to walk straight to the Guidance Office.But if bad luck really exists... The school bell rang, and astudents who used to be my classmates and schoolmates out.Shutanginames!ShockConfusionAnnoyanceThoseweresomeoftheir

 "Why is she here?"   They started murmuring among themselves. I quickenedthe Guidance Office. It was located in the second largestschool.But before I could get there, I had to pass in front of the chalf of the school's population usually gathered.Kingina naman!I should have put on my headset. Annoying! Now I'm gocomments again.As I walked, I saw many familiar faces—people I either  bullied by, or were classmates with Cyrus and me.Speaking of Cyrus, I heard he was back at school. I wasnKuya Angelo was the one who told me. That made me ev"Look who's here!"   a familiar voice shouted.I stopped walking and slightly turned to face them. It wamany people I had a fight with here."You have some nerve comingback here!After whatyouC!"

   Father  , not the flirtatious kind of   Papa.To be honest, I had already forgotten their name."...Your face is stillsoannoying!Do youknow that?!"   I looked at them with irritation but tried not to show it. Juthey blocked my way, I answered the same thing:"And whatdoes thathave to dowithme?!"   Loud laughter erupted from the other students. It wasn't efelt like they laughed because, after all this time, I still anway, and this person still couldn't get back at me.I continued walking. Finally, I reached the Guidance Offon the second floor, so I hurried up the stairs. I just wanthere as soon as possible.When I reached the office door, I hesitated before knock brown envelope I was holding tightly.YoucandothisJay!

 she asked."Y-yes."   My heart skipped a beat. She remembered me! Well, I wOffice every day, so it was impossible for her to forget m"Do you need something?"   "Hmmm... Ijustneed this signed."   I said as I handed her the brown envelope.She chuckled, which confused me. Was there something said?She took the envelope and checked it."You're so polite now... Back then, youusedto yellatme same age."   she said with an annoyingly amused smile.Oh, crap!She remembered that too. How embarrassing! I scratchedhead and forced a smile, but it probably looked more likeAfterreadingthepapershehandeditbacktome

 That made me smile. I knew every corner of the Guidancentered Ma'am's office, but my smile quickly disappeare person inside."Whatthe..."   I whispered.He was looking at me."Nice tosee you here."   He slowly smiled."...Jay-jay."   "C-Cyrus."   

 Chapter 170: Cyrus VelascJay-jay's POV*Flashback...*"You have a new classmate!" announced Ma'am.Go find my care!She signaled towards the door, and a guy walked in.He was tall with slanted eyes. Because he was good-look —who seemed thirsty for the sight of a handsome guy—excitement."Hello... I'm Cyrus Velasco. 16 years old. Nice to meet ynew classmate," he said and smiled.Tss. Ofcourse!Our eyes suddenly met. I quickly looked away, uninteres

 Suddenly, my classmates at the front started screaming. Iwas looking for a seat. I rested my chin on my hand and window.The dust stuck to the glass window was much more interFrom the corner of my eye, I noticed my classmates stariWhat's their problem?Annoyed, I looked at the idiots. That's when I realized thdirectly at me. My gaze landed on the guy standing in fro"Can I?" he asked casually, pointing at the seat beside m"It's taken," I replied, bored."But no one's sitting there," a classmate chimed in, so I s"Shut up!" I snapped, earning a sharp glare in return."By who?" he asked casually."By my bag," I said quickly, placing my bag on the seat. He laughed loudly, and irritation instantly flared up insidso many empty seats, yet he chose this one. He was teasi"Don't laugh! I'm serious... It's studying, see?" I pointed wasslightlyopenrevealingsometrashinside

 "Son of a b*tch!" I spat angrily."Ms. Mariano!" Ma'am shouted at me.Oh, she's here?!"Yes?""To the Guidance Office, now!"My classmates laughed.You're alldead later!So annoying!End of Flashback...It has been nearly two years since he walked into our claintroduced himself.He looked kind, and because he was handsome, many adwas all just a facade.Because Cyrus is insane—full of arrogance and hungry f"I knew you'd come back," he said, stepping closer to meIsteppedback.Ineverexpectedwewouldfaceeachoth

 "Argh!" I cried out as he shoved me against the wall."Good thing you came back... Because I really missed yoemphasizing the wordmissed.I knew what he meant, but I couldn't focus on it due to m"L-let... me... ugh! Go..."He tightened his grip even more. My vision started to blu"It hurts, doesn't it?" he mocked. "...That's exactly how I piece of sh*t!""C-Cy..." I gasped, barely able to produce any sound.Damn it!Even my hands had no strength left to fight back.Am I really going to die here?Somebody, help me!Suddenly, Cyrus laughed and slowly let go of me. I collacoughing violently as I struggled to catch my breath.

 My body trembled as I crawled toward a chair. I reachedmy phone.My hands were shaking. I wanted to call Keifer or Yuri.But... for what?I'm not a child who needs to tattle. They were already wothere was no need to add to their stress.I forced myself to sit down on one of the chairs. I wiped myself.I had forgotten about the envelope! I quickly searched fothe floor. I picked it up and placed it on Ma'am's desk.I fixed my hair and covered my neck. Even though I couthere would be a mark. Good thing the Guidance Counsereturn."Sorry I took so long," she said as she sat in her chair. "..waiting?"I shook my head, but she suddenly stared at me."Are you okay?" she asked."Y-yes..."

 "That boy has been nothing but trouble since he got out o practically replaced you here at school," she joked.But I wasn't laughing."...If you don't mind me asking, what exactly happened bWe've heard so many different stories—it's confusing."I avoided her gaze. It happened so long ago—why did sh"W-well... It's just that..."Flashback..."This one's stubborn! Should I just beat him up, Boss?" ofriends shouted.I looked at what they were doing. They were bullying a fThe kid was small and dark-skinned.I felt anger bubbling inside me. How many times had thethey feel any shame bullying freshmen?I walked up to them. "Cy!" I called out.Cyrus looked at me and smiled. But I was no longer amuwas no longer amused by anything they did."HiBabe!"

 "M-me?" he asked, trembling and pointing at himself.I nodded. "Go back to your classroom.""Wait! We're not done with him yet!" one of Cyrus's frien"Jay, come on!"The freshman managed to escape, and they could do noththem a sharp glare. Cyrus's friends no longer respected m"Your girlfriend is such a killjoy, Cy!" one of them compCyrus walked toward me, grabbed my arm, and whispereI followed him. I already knew what he was going to saywant to be embarrassed in front of his friends."I hate what you did," he said, facing me."And what about what you did? Do you think I liked it?"my arms."We weren't doing anything wrong. We were just messindefended.I raised an eyebrow. How many times had theymessedaround

 He ran a hand through his hair. "...You're the one ruiningours!"   Me?!Wow!"...You know what? So you don't get dragged into anythi just break up."His eyebrows furrowed."You can't break up with me!" he snapped.He spoke loudly, which immediately caught the attentionfriends. A few students were also watching us."I can break up with you."I turned to walk away, but he suddenly grabbed my arm. glared at him, and he returned the look."We're not done talking.""Cyrus! I don't want this anymore!" I shouted at him.Suddenly, he grabbed my jaw, squeezing it tightly, makinfromthepain

 I pushed his hand away with all my strength. Before he cI threw a punch at him. He fell to the ground, and his frierushed to him.They tried to help him up, but he shoved them away. I safrom his lips.Tsk! I guess I hit too hard.He wiped the blood with his hand and stared at it. Then, could tell he was angry.I took a step back, but it was too late. His palm met my fto the ground. His slap was much heavier than my punch"Bro!" one of his friends yelled. "...What the hell?! She'sMy face went numb from the impact. I glared at him as II tasted something different in my mouth. I knew it wasnfelt a stinging pain on my lips. I touched them, and—justB-blood!Shit! He split my lip with that slap! Bastard!I was about to glare at him again, but something was off.leave my blood-covered hand. My body started to trembl

 WHERE IS THAT VOICE COMING FROM?! WHO IS "What's wrong? Scared of blood?" Cyrus mocked, but I iWhy does it look so... beautiful? Why does the color of bcaptivating?Before I even realized it, my hand was moving closer to T-the taste of blood...End of Flashback..."We had a fight... M-my vision went dark," I answered MIt literally went dark."Tsk! Tsk! You young people are all the same. Whether ygirl, you fight like there's no tomorrow," she said while sShe put the papers down and was about to sign them whestopped and looked at me."By the way, where is Mr. Fernandez?"Kuya?"H-he's at work. Why?"

 "Y-you want me to ask Kuya to donate money?" I asked "Something like that."Son of a fishball!I knew it! I never should've come back here!I once overheard Ma'am talking to Kuya, but since I didntheir conversation.But now it's clear to me—Kuya was bribing this school!"Why would I do that?" I asked, now irritated."Because, Ms. Mariano... It wouldn't look good if I put inyou've had multiple suspensions and were expelled." SheHuh?! But I've never— "...Mr. Fernandez is the reason you've never been suspenyour troublemaking," she continued, leaning in slightly. reason why we wrote 'transfer for personal reasons' in yoinstead of 'expulsion.'"I looked down at the papers in front of me. They were lyDamn it!NowondermyrecordsaresuchamessTheykeptchang

 "We'll be waiting," she said, still smiling."Alright. Thank you," I replied, then hurriedly left her ofDamn it!I was already on the stairs when I stopped. I took a deep myself down. My frustration was overwhelming.Wasn't this embarrassing for them? If I got called to the Ghundred times, that means Kuya bribed them a hundred tVery nice!This school is seriously infuriating. If it weren't for—shiI stopped in my tracks.Cyrus was waiting for me at the bottom of the stairs, smithe look on his face, he was about to do something bad.I tried to turn back and go upstairs again, but his group w blocking my way."Can we have a little chat?"

 Chapter 171: Nice meetingJay-jay's POV"Shit!" one of them shouted after I punched him.I forced myself to fight—wrong! Iwas trying  to fight even though, in truth, my body wasn't in the condThere were only five of them, but I had been struggling ta while now. I didn't know why, but it felt like I wasn't thwho could fight anytime, anywhere.It was weakening to face Cyrus now. He was just lookinglike every gaze of his was sucking the strength out of meWhat do they want?"You haven't changed... Still punch hard," one of them sathe blood from his lip.Students were already watching us. Worse, even the teacstandingthere,watching.

 He crossed his arms and chuckled slightly. "It's simple, Jexperience the suffering that I went through."I was about to open my mouth to speak when somethingthe back of my thigh."Ugh!" I screamed and collapsed to the ground.I clutched my thigh in pain, tears welling up in my eyes. friends holding a wide wooden plank.Shit!This is worse than hazing!"Does it hurt?" Cy asked, smiling. "...That's not enough."Another blow landed on my arm. I gasped at the pain. I ctears from falling anymore."Jay is so pitiful!""She deserves it!""Cyrus is such an asshole!""Someone help Jay!"There were all sorts of reactions. But no one would help Whowoulddarehelpsomeonelikeme?

 "Hey, she can still stand!" one of them laughed."Stop this, Jay-jay," an older man called out from a distaShit!Manong, don'tinterfere!"You want us to hit you too?!" one of them threatened.The old man didn't flinch. He looked at me with pity. I shhim, silently telling him to stay out of it.I turned back to Cyrus, and he was smiling at me.Another strike landed on my other thigh. I fell to my kneThe students were now screaming.   Damn it!Why can't I fight back? Why does it feel like I'm cowerinWhy now?!I tried to get up when I saw someone approach me. He stfront of me while I was still crouched down. Suddenly, hhand, which was pressed against the grass.I bit my lip to stop myself from screaming in pain.

 "C-Cy..." I muttered, looking up at him and his laughing Was what I did to him really so horrible that he had to huHe was hospitalized, sure!Wrong question! The real question was—was there reallywhat I did?But then again, Cyrus didn't know how to forgive.So, no matter how many times I apologized, it would be "Argh!" I screamed as I received two more kicks to the sI couldn't take it anymore. My body trembled with pain.   Please... Someone helpme."Cry as long as you want. No one will help you," he saidgrin.  Please..."Should we finish her off?" one of them asked."Not yet... I'm still having fun," Cy replied, then suddenlItwasn'tthatstrong,butIstillgaspedinpain.

 A strong slap landed on my face.My body was already so numb from the beating that I ba"She's really tough!" one of them holding me said.What was their definition of "tough"?I was practically a lifeless rag doll. Was that what they mI saw Cyrus clenching his fist, preparing to punch me.I shut my eyes, bracing for impact.But seconds passed, and nothing hit me.Had my body gone completely numb?I opened my eyes and saw the real reason why I didn't fe because it never landed.Someone had stopped him!I squinted to see if I was hallucinating.How...Someone was gripping Cyrus' fist—Keifer.

 gang surrounding us.The ones holding me suddenly let go.Since my knees were weak and I couldn't stand properly,when David caught me."Are you okay?" he asked.I simply nodded at him. Then, I looked back at Cyrus."Let me go!" Cyrus shouted, but Yuri and Keifer didn't b"Cyrus Velasco?" Yuri asked."What do you want?!" he snapped.Yuri smiled.He smiled?But why?There was nothing unusual about his smile.It was the same natural smile he always gave to others... "We've finally met," Yuri said.

 He only acted like this when he was excited about somet"Ci... H-how did you—how did you guys get here?""We asked Sir. Then we asked theCamp is Rock    staff for directions."I nodded to show that I understood."Let me go! What the f*** do you want from me?! And you?!" Cyrus yelled angrily, still struggling."I'm Yuri Hanamitchi," Yuri said with a smile."Mark Keifer Watson," Keifer said seriously."...And we're here to make you pay for what you did to JThen, Keifer suddenly punched Cyrus in the stomach.The impact was so strong that Cyrus' eyes nearly poppedBefore he could even collapse, Yuri grabbed him and for"Nice to f***ing meet you," Yuri said and punched him iwell.

 "That guy with red hair is really good-looking!""The small one is so cute!""Who's the one holding Jay?""Aaaayyy... I wish I were Jay!""You want to get beaten up by Cyrus too?""Idiot! I just want to be surrounded by handsome guys!"That's when I remembered that we actually had an audienaround for the four who were with Cyrus earlier. Felix, KDenzel were now holding them down. They were all hereWait a minute!If they're all here, then who's watching over our campsitethe organizer looks for us? This is bad!"W-we need to go b-back." I told David.I looked at the ggone. It looked like I had left it somewhere."...M-my stuff!"Ci-N and David looked around. But they because I remembered that when I arrived at the field, I wanything anymore."We'llhavesomeonelookforit"Davidsaid

  Nice... Passing the blame."What was that for?!" Eren asked, annoyed. No time to explain. They can get mad at me if they wantwasn't actually the one who asked Ci-N to do that."M-my stuff... P-please f-find it," I ordered."That's all?" Calix said."...Let's go!" The two of them immediately left. How wowhen they didn't even ask me where I last had it? Oh wel"F*CKING ASSHOLE!" Keifer suddenly yelled.We all turned to look at him. He was holding Cyrus by thYuri was sitting on the grass, wiping his lip."W-what hapI asked worriedly. "The bastard fought back! Yuri was thhe ended up taking the hit!" Drew explained."Beat him up!" Ci-N shouted excitedly."Ci-N!" I scolded him."Who the hell is Jay-Jay to you?! What business do you hwithwhatIdotoher?!"Cyrusaskedangrilyashestrugg

 "She belongs to Section E," Yuri said as he stood up."And she is mine," Keifer added.I smacked my forehead. Why did he have to say that?! H"Jay's boyfriend!"Someone from the crowd suddenly exclaimed.He's not my boyfriend! What the hell?!"You're the one Jay-Jay replaced me with?!" Cyrus askedIt was clear that the 'King' was insulted by that. I wantedstop talking. If Keifer gets even more pissed, this won't e"...You let yourself be fooled by that girl too?!" Cyrus adKeifer's brows furrow even more.Before I could react, Keifer punched Cyrus so hard that hshort distance away. Blood immediately started drippingand lips.I thought that was it, but Keifer quickly approached him him.Shit! He just got out of the hospital!

 It really looked like no one was planning to stop him. Thgetting scared and starting to back away."Keifer!" I called him. "...Keifer! Please! Stop!"Even though it was clear that he didn't want to, Keifer stoface me. He was breathing heavily as he slowly walked t"Why?""He just got out of the hospital. Something bad might hapanswered."Then let's send him back to the hospital he came from. Wdid a poor job treating him," Ci-N said, making some of But I wasn't amused. I was grateful that they came to helCyrus like that... I wasn't sure if I should be thankful or n"What should we do with these guys?" Felix asked, still hfriends tightly."Do whatever you want," Keifer replied indifferently.Ci-N suddenly clapped his hands excitedly. "I get to punsaid happily. Now I get it. That's why he seemed so hyper—because hfdtjiithfiht

 "Jay..." Keifer called my name. "...I forgot something," hsuddenly kissing me on the lips.I could hear people squealing in excitement.I stared at him in shock."W-what was that for?""You owe me a kiss. You cursed last time while eating chwith a smile.He still remembers that?! Wow. There's no escaping this I saw Calix and Eren walking towards us, carrying my st"Keifer... Let's get out of here," I whispered to him.He nodded. "Let's go!"Ci-N looked disappointed as he walked with us, clearly uwas over.We were leaving this school.If possible, I never wanted to come back here. I didn't waeverything that had happened.IglancedatCyruswhowasnowbeingsurroundedbyhi

 Chapter 172: AdmitJay-jay's POVI remained silent. Keifer and the others could sense that Iyet. They tried to take me to the hospital, but I refused. Tto the organizer, and I didn't want to cause any trouble. I what the school would do about what happened. I was alCyrus's family might suddenly come after me. I hope notWhen we arrived at Camp Keneme—annoying name, bystraight to the hall. It was already past lunch, and none ofWe were the only ones left there since the others had alretheir camping sites."No more viand?" Felix asked, peeking into each pot. Thto be food prepared for everyone, lined up on a long tablsupposed to line up and eat, but it looked like most of it w"There's only soup left. But there's still some of this," a s pointing to a few other pots.I just sat there, watching them scramble. David was sittineating."Ylld'ttttthhitl?"hkd

 I looked at what he brought—soup, a little rice, some pie banana. I looked like a hospital patient with this meal."I-I'm not hungry.""If you don't eat, I'll take you to the hospital."But I really didn't have an appetite. On top of that, I felt t beating I took.I sighed and pulled the tray closer. I forced myself to eatswallow felt like a stab to my stomach.Ouch!As I ate, I couldn't help but feel uncomfortable. The Kingstop staring at me.What's his problem?!Yuri arrived and sat across from me. He also had a tray, wdown on the table.I glanced at David. He was also looking at the two of thelooked at me for a moment, forced a smile, and then suddtaking his tray with him.Wait! Don't leave me here!

 "Why? What for?" I asked, irritation creeping into my voI couldn't help it. This idiot was really getting on my nervYuri's stare, which seemed to agree with everything the K"Look what happened to you! What if we hadn't come?!  been in the hospital by now," he said angrily."I didn't know that would happen. No one at Holy Shi—hurt me," I explained, though it didn't seem to convince h"No one?! And what do you call what that Cyrus guy didBEAT you up?! HURT you?!""I didn't know he would do that to me!"Damn it!I didn't understand why I felt like crying just trying to exthem. They were just like Kuya Angelo—so hard to reas"I thought Cyrus was in the hospital?" Yuri asked, shiftinhim."He was released a few weeks ago and is back in school,"So you knew?!" Keifer asked angrily, his brows furrowme.

 "Maybe you two planned to meet up?" Yuri interjected.Keifer clenched his fists, his eyes closed. I could tell he wcontrol his anger."W-what? How would that happen? We don't even get alhaven't been in contact!" I snapped at Yuri."Then why did you still go? Maybe you really wanted toCyrus guy?!" Keifer said angrily.What the heck?!My head was starting to hurt because of these two. I coulanymore!"Why would I want to see—Wait a minute!" I narrowed  back and forth between them. "...Are you two jealous?"Yuri looked away. The King glared at me."Yes!""No!"They answered at the same time. I was a bit confused aboand who said "Yes.""Youtwoaresoconfusing!Whatareyoureallymadabo

 "Tss," he said.Thanks for the clear answer.I narrowed my eyes even more. I looked like a Chinese pI was glaring at him. Daomingzu! Sanchai!—oh wait, thaWe had a long staring match. The worst part was that he stubborn. I was going to be Chinese for a while. Nihaoma!"Fine!" he said angrily. "...I'm f***ing mad because of jewould be happy to find out that the girl he likes is meetinex?!"I heard some laughter. I looked over at the table nearby. Tthere, and it seemed like they were watching us.You're so good at this!Keifer glared at the idiots. "Tell me! You'd feel the same Some of them scratched their heads, avoiding his gaze."I would feel the same. I agree with Keifer," David said."I'd probably kill Grace's ex," Denzel said.

 I winced at his words. He was really getting into my headso misplaced."You're crazy! Why would you be jealous of Cyrus?!" I s"Tss.""You're both insane!" I shouted at him and Yuri."Why me?" Yuri asked."Stop acting like you're not jealous!" Keifer shouted at h pretending! You're the one who told me we should cripplget close to Jay-jay!"Yuri scratched his head and smiled awkwardly at me, butlike a grimace. I knew it! These two.Oh no! Oh no! Oh no!"There's nothing to be jealous about. Both of you, stop it"Tss... I should've just finished off that Cyrus guy," the Kwas loud enough for everyone to hear."Tsk! Stop it already!""If I find out you meet up with that guy again, I'll lock yoandburyCyrusalive!"hethreatenedmeandtheidiotsa

 "Keifer! Keifer!" someone shouted.We all froze and looked at who was shouting. It was Edr"What?!" the King snapped."O-our stuff..." He took a deep breath. "...it's missing!""What?!" we all shouted almost in unison."The cooler, the box of canned goods, and the rice are alexplained.What? Were we robbed? Damn it! What are we going to school only provides breakfast and lunch. But for us in S provide lunch—and it's leftovers at that.That's why we pooled our money earlier to buy food, andGreat!Some of them immediately ran off, heading back to our cstand up, but luckily, Ci-N quickly came over to help meThe others reached our campsite quickly. We were the laof how slow I was.Our stuff was a mess. Some of the tents were torn, and otSome of our things were missing—the cooler with our fobfllfdddthbibktithk

 "My Snorlax!" I shouted."F***ing hell! We were robbed! Worst of all, they destrotents!" Keifer said angrily."But who would do this?!" Kit asked, worried."We should tell the organizer!" David suggested."That's a good idea," Yuri agreed.The others were about to go find the organizer when Joshholding a flowery handkerchief."Is this yours?" he asked.They all looked at me. I was the only girl here who mighflowery.But I'm not into flowery things."No..." I answered.Josh examined the handkerchief more closely, unfolding"John... Rose," he read out loud, reading what was writtehandkerchief. "...Who's this?""Isthataguy?"Felixasked

 "Where's Section B's campsite?" Mayo asked."It's on the other side. We're the only ones separated fromsections," Drew answered.Damn it!"What's this?! Did Section B rob us?!" I asked angrily."Looks like it," Eren said.This is so annoying! Why did they have to do this?! To mthey took my Snorlax. That was a gift to me!A gift from Percy."We need to get our stuff back!" Felix shouted.I agreed with him. I needed to get Snorlax back... and ou

 Chapter 173: Operation: BJay-jay's POVThe fire from our bonfire was strong. Thankfully, I wasnelse I might have started shouting random things again. Lshook my head, trying to erase that memory from my milooked so stupid back then, and there's even a video of itthat again. So embarrassing!"Still nothing?" David asked.We looked at the lookouts, but they just shook their headthere was still no sign of them.We strongly suspected that we had been robbed. We needand the plan we came up with was to send spies to the otwere focusing on Section B first since one of them ownewe found. But Keifer suggested sending spies to the otheFancy spies!They're here! They're here!" Mayo shouted.We immediately waited. Rory and Edrix arrived first fromwerefollowedbyKitandErenfromSectionBLastlyB

 "Is everyone here?" David asked."We're here!""All present! No one's missing!""We're good!"Everyone gathered around the bonfire. It felt like we wermeeting. Well, it *was* important because it was about o"Rory and Edrix! Did you see anything?" Keifer asked."Yes!" Rory answered. "...they have our cooler!""Shit!""Why do they have it?!""What are we going to do now?!"Yuri silenced everyone by raising his hand. They obeyedcontinued speaking."...The worst part is, they filled the cooler with alcohol. Wthe organizer now." He took a deep breath. "...They mighMost of us agreed. We couldn't just say it belonged to Sedefinitelyturnitaroundonus

 Or were we?"Our canned goods and noodles are with Section D. All s brought," Blaster added."Section C is clean!" Ci-N said, raising his hand. "...Rakkwouldn't do that to us."Sigh... thank goodness.That's what I thought too. Rakki would never do somethiIt seemed like our food was only in three sections.But what about my Snorlax?"It's confirmed, they have it," Yuri said, pacing around as"...But how do we get it back from them?"Great question! But no answer!"We can't report it to the organizer," Rory reminded us."What if we confront them?" I suggested."They might report us to the organizer instead and turn itEdrix said.He had a point!

 Ci-N scratched his head and nodded, looking at us confu"Are you on meds?" Eren asked."Meds for what?" Ci-N asked innocently."For your brain! You're acting crazy!" I snapped.he just laughed at us. This kid must be sleep-deprived. Itkicking in!"We have no time for jokes! We need to figure out how t back," Keifer said seriously.He was right. It was still early for dinner, but I was alreadstomachs started growling, it would be a big problem.Did anyone see my Snorlax?Everyone started suggesting ideas and possible plans. W brainstorming and Ci-N kept insisting we follow his plan behind him.he looked at it, and before we could even ask what it wasstarted screaming like a girl."Snake! Snake! Snake!" he shouted.TheUlupongsimmediatelypanickedandstartedrunning

 I tried to stand up, but of all the bad luck, Ci-N suddenly back, screaming."Jay-jay's best friend! It's going to bite us!"Best friend?!Since when did I have a snake for a best friend? This is iBecause my body was in pain and he was heavy, I couldnwhere I was standing."Ci-N! Get off me!" I shouted."Get your best friend away from me!"Damn it!My body couldn't take it anymore. We both fell to the groeyes."Ouch!" I shouted as I hit the ground.Damn it! My body was already in pain from the beating Ithis kid climbed on me, and we fell to the ground."Nobody move!" someone shouted.IopenedmyeyesHolycrap!Facetofacewithmybesti

 I saw Yuri picking up a tree branch, but before he could uhead rose higher. A sign that it was ready to strike.Literally, no one moved. If I could stop breathing, I wouleven blink or look away.Suddenly, we heard the sound of a stick breaking. That copen its mouth and lunge at me.But its mouth didn't reach me. Someone grabbed its tail afrom me.Keifer!He threw the snake away, and it hit a tree. But that didn'thuh?!The snake quickly slithered back toward Keifer to bite hiand ran away.Jay-jay's really unlucky!"Jay! Get out of there!""Jay-jay!"I was really its target! Before I could even stand up to runclose to me. I thought it was the end. I thought my life wSikiftbbdthk'hd

 I glanced at Yuri for a moment. I could see the pain in hiwalked away from us."Jay-jay's best friend is dead," Ci-N announced, as if he wnews on the radio.Insane!"There are snakes here! Why did the organizer put us herangrily.He was right! Why did they put us here? My suspicions wwhen I saw the tall grass not far from us.I saw David pull the Swiss knife out of the snake's head. it, and put it back in his pocket."David!" I called out to him, and he turned to me. "...Tha"Anytime," he said with a smile.Ci-N and the others approached the snake. They poked it branch to check if it was still alive. It was still moving a like a worm doused in salt.Suddenly, Ci-N grinned widely and faced all of us. "I knour food back."Ihdtflithtthikid'l'titb

 After he finished, everyone agreed. We divided the groupwould go to Sections A, B, and D. The others would stayour campsite.Drew left to get what we needed. David made sure the snwouldn't interfere with our plan."Did anyone see my Snorlax?" I asked everyone.They all looked at each other to see if anyone had an anslike no one did."I'm not sure..." Edrix said, making us all look at him. "..stuffed toy, but I didn't get a good look at it."Oh no! No one else would bring a stuffed toy here—except me. My Snorlax!"It's here! It's here!" Drew shouted, running over with a fDavid quickly prepared the snake, tying it to the fishing rsure it was secure and well-attached.Once they were done, they got ready. They were headingto retrieve our canned goods and noodles.ItdbhidithKifYiJhMdD

 We stood there for a few minutes, just staring. I looked aYuri. They were quiet, occasionally talking but only brieWhy does it have to be me?If I weren't the only girl in Section E, would they still likleast one of them would like someone else.Sigh... I'm feeling sad. I'm struggling with their situationfault."Jay..." Mayo called me and sat down beside me. "...how"Still sore when I move.""Josh has some pain relievers. Do you want some?" he oI immediately shook my head. "No... It'll go away eventu"You're tough... You're really going to endure the pain?""Of course... It's not like I've never been in a fight beforeHe just nodded, accepting my answer. We both fell silentfelt like he wanted to say something, which was why he "Is there a problem?" I asked.Heforcedasmile"It'saboutKit"

 He took another deep breath. I could feel his sadness. It fmeant to sit together in a corner.Why do they both have to be guys? Why did my best frieme?"Maybe..." he started. "...I'll just stop pursuing him..." Heinto the distance. "...I think it's time."I don't know why, but it seemed like those words hurt himalmost on the verge of crying in front of me, confirming feeling.We heard some noise. Mayo and I immediately stood upcarrying our boxes full of canned goods and noodles.They were laughing and teasing each other. They placed of Keifer, who opened them to check if anything was mi"Some are missing... It looks like they took some," Yuri s"It's okay. At least we got most of it back," David said."Let's head to Section B now," Ci-N said excitedly.he must be really happy because his plan worked.The idiots left again, carrying the fishing rod with the sn

 "I-I'll go with them," he said to me and immediately folloothers.I turned my attention back to Kit and saw him watching Mtapped his arm, so he quickly went back to what he was dDid he see Mayo crying?I felt bad for both of them. I hope they can talk things oumuch as I want to interfere, I can't. I have my own probleAnd right now, they're both looking at me.

 Chapter 174: Operation: B2.0Jay-jay's POV"Start cooking the rice!" Felix shouted as he walked towacarrying the big bucket of rice. They got it back. Nice! Rice! Now, we only had one problem left—Section A. They hathey filled with alcohol. I hope Ci-N's plan works on themDavid took a short rest. He looked tired from going back"Let's head to Section A now," Ci-N said, looking hyper "Wait a minute!" Calix complained."Take a break, Ci-N! You're too excited about your plan!him.Ci-N pouted and sat down beside me. I couldn't help but was way too excited about his plan.

 "I'm coming," I said, and they all looked at me."No. Stay here and rest," Keifer ordered."I've been resting for a while now.""Even so, Jay... what happened to you wasn't easy. You ninsisted."But—""Jay," Keifer called my name authoritatively. "...stop argu"It's about my Snorlax. I need to get it back," I pleaded. "He sighed and ran his fingers through his hair. "Fine."YES!"...but I'm coming with you," he added, looking at the Ulof you stay here. We'll go."They nodded in agreement. Me, Ci-N, David, Felix, Yuriwalked toward Section A's campsite.We passed through a wooded area. Even though my bodyendured it just to find my Snorlax.WehidinthebushesCi-Nclimbedatreeandpositioned

 He walked to the spot David pointed to. He was close to was."You stay here," Felix said to Yuri. "...keep an eye on JayYuri nodded and looked at me, then smiled."Let's go here," David said to Felix.They walked closer to the cooler, but Felix grabbed somecover.I scanned the area for my Snorlax. My eyes widened whehugging it.Hey! That's my Snorlax!"That's my Snorlax," I said, pointing at Ella."I'll get it," Yuri said and walked toward Ella's spot.I watched David and the others, who seemed to be waitinexchanged signals and then executed the plan.Ci-N cast the fishing rod like he was fishing. The snake lthe girls were chatting."Aaaahhhhhhhhh!!!" they screamed, led by—who else? 

 I looked for Yuri and saw him slowly picking up Snorlaxlooked like Ella had thrown it in her panic.Once he got it, Yuri was about to run back to us, but Ellaseemed to talk for a moment, and Yuri nodded before runWhat did they talk about?"I got it," he said, handing me Snorlax."My Snorlax!" I hugged it tightly.Ci-N suddenly approached us. he was sweating and look"Let's go!" he said.We looked at the fishing rod. The snake was gone. Only "bestie" remained.My best friend!"We'll talk later! Let's go!" David urged.We quickly left, passing through the wooded area again. to be honest. Thankfully, the moonlight helped us see a lWe couldn't use a flashlight, or we might get caught."Whathappened?Whyisonlytheheadleftofmybestfr

 "Of course!" he answered proudly."Then throw that thing away!" Keifer ordered angrily, posnake's head."Are you sure? Jay-jay will lose her memento of her besttrying to guilt-trip us.Yuri and the others laughed, looking at me. I glared at Cimade them laugh harder.We returned to our campsite. Ci-N didn't throw away thehung it near the bonfire."Nice! I've been thirsty for a while!""Let's drink!""Why is there San Mig here?"They were all making a fuss, gathered around the cooler.hugging Snorlax tightly."Let's eat first!" Eman said.I saw that they had already cooked rice. Our dinner was rHAM with eggplant and shrimp paste!

 I couldn't even talk to him. I didn't want a repeat of our laSomeone suddenly handed me a plate of food. I looked uwas.Keifer, the idiot."Eat," he ordered.Even though I didn't feel like eating, I took the plate. I knwith me until I did what he wanted.He sat down beside me, holding his own plate."What are you doing here?" I asked, confused.He looked annoyed at my question and glared at me."You're seriously asking me 'what I'm doing here'?"I slowly nodded. I felt like I said something wrong."Am I not allowed to eat beside you?" he asked sarcasticOhhh... that's what he meant!"N-no, it's not like that..." I answered and automatically lHewaslyingonthehammockhebrought,lookingatus.

 "N-no... W-what's wrong with you?" I forced a smile. ".. being so dramatic!"He didn't react but started eating. I followed suit, even thawkward. I noticed the others looking at us.It felt like a huge crime to eat with the King of the Ulupoand swallow felt like punishment. The corner of my lip hwas sore.At least I could eat. When Section D ganged up on me beeven swallow my own saliva."Hey! Ugly people!" Felix shouted, but no one looked atAm I ugly?!"Ugly people!" he shouted again."You're the only ugly one here!" Ci-N shot back."Handsome people!" he shouted again, and this time, moresponded."WHAT?!" they all shouted in unison.So annoying!"You'reallshameless!"Felixsaidirritably"someofth

 "Ew! Gay!"I heard loud laughter from them. I wanted to laugh too, bautomatically looked at Kit. he looked sad as he continueThe thing he was crying about was just a joke to the othehard too. It weighed heavily on my heart."Jay!" Ci-N called me. "...I'll share with you.""Sure..." I said boredly."No," Keifer said authoritatively.We all froze. Even the others who were laughing fell silehis eyes closed earlier, opened them and looked at us."I-it's okay with me. Ci-N and I have shared a room befo"Jay... Your room is wide, and your tent is not," Keifer sa"...you're a girl, and Ci-N is still a guy."His mind is so dirty. Please clean it!"So what? Ci-N isn't a stranger to me," I said, annoyed.The truth was, I missed bonding with Ci at night. I wantestories about where he lived.

 He stood up and walked closer to us. "...No one is allowewith her. It's inappropriate for a girl and a guy to share a What?!Keifer stood up, looking like he was challenging Yuri. Othey were getting along. Why does it feel like there's tens"Fine. Jay-jay will sleep alone in her tent," Keifer said se"Why don't you just let Jay-jay decide?" David suggestedlooked at me.Why me?!If I say the wrong thing, they might start fighting again. Iand Yuri. The others were watching too."Maybe just Ci-N," I said softly. "...if that's okay."Keifer took a deep breath. "Fine. That's what you want.""Okay," Yuri said.I didn't want to, but... Ci-N was giving me pleading lookanyone to share a tent with. His tent was also torn.After eating, they cleaned up. Calix and Eren washed thebathroomwasfarsomejustbrushedtheirteethandwen

 he ignored me and kept walking. We passed by some peosections. They were chatting."Wow! There are snakes here.""Yeah! One even came to our site.""Us too!""We didn't have any."Ci-N and I exchanged looks and had to hold back our lauIf only they knew!"Rakki!" Ci-N shouted, waving. "...mi'loves!"Rakki frowned as she approached us, about to hit Ci-N owere staring at us because of what he did."You're so loud!" she said irritably, but Ci just laughed.She looked at me, so I smiled. "Hi."She looked at me, scrutinizing my face. "Is that a bruise?I turned slightly so she couldn't see it clearly. The lightinwhere we were, so I knew she couldn't see it well.

 The sound of water from the showers echoed in the bathrwere the laughter and chatter of the other sections.My best friend was their topic!"Did you have snakes at your site too? We didn't," Rakkifront of the sink."Y-yes," I almost whispered.Our best friend showed up at our site first. Then we just uI faced the mirror, and from where I was standing, I coul bruise on the corner of my lip. I also saw the marks on mCyrus choked me."I was right. It is a bruise," Rakki said, examining my fachurt you?"I shook my head. "N-no... It's nothing... I got hit when wof the snake."She clearly didn't believe my explanation, but there was do, so she just nodded. She put toothpaste on her toothbr brushing.I glanced at the girls showering. They were so loud, chatthough I wanted to shout at them, I didn't. I just brushed 

 "Your towel, Mica! It fell."Ella's voice!Why is it like that? I recognized Ella's voice, but not Michow it is when you dislike someone.They kept talking for a while. I continued showering. I wwhen I heard them again, and for some reason, I suddenl"...Are you sure about that? Won't Aries get mad?" Mica "I don't know. But I'm sure he'll understand.""But... it's over. You shouldn't bring it up again."I heard Ella sigh. "Yuri deserves to know the truth."Yuri? The truth?"When are you meeting?" Mica asked again."I'm not sure yet, but I told him to wait."They're meeting? What truth? Why do they need to meetI didn't hear them talking anymore. I peeked out of the shwere no longer in front of the mirror.

 Rakki followed me, and when we were far enough, she gturned me to face him.She looked angry. "Did Keifer do that?!""No," I answered quickly."Jay... You don't have to hide it from me. I know you're iwith Keifer." she looked around to see if anyone was neayou, tell me.""Keifer didn't do this. Yes, someone hurt me, but it wasnmy head. "...Why would you think Keifer did this?"She took a deep breath. "Because he's done it before. He psycho!"My heart suddenly raced. I wasn't sure if I was nervous."H-he did? To who?"She avoided my gaze. I knew she didn't want to say. But she couldn't keep it to herself."T-to... Freya."To Freya?Shit!TheyweretogetherafterallButit'shardtobeliev

 But even so, that's not a good enough reason. Even if Frecoloring book, she's still a girl—even if she looks like a f"Hey! You're here already!" Ci-N shouted, running towarI snapped out of my thoughts."I've been waiting for you," he said, catching his breath."You weren't even there," Rakki said irritably."You're just blinded by your love for me, so you didn't se"You're just too short to be seen."Ci-N glared at Rakki. "I'll grow taller! And when I do, wMy thoughts were momentarily distracted by their bickerand I could hear the organizers calling everyone."Let's go, Ci. You can continue your wedding plans tomohim."Good idea, but before that... I'll kiss the bride," he said aRakki on the lips.Smack!IfitwerebrighterImighthaveseenRakkiblushingShe

 "Crazy."

 Chapter 175: TrayJay-jay's POVI woke up early. Not because I slept well, but because soOuch!Ci-N moves around so much in his sleep that he accidentAs much as I wanted to retaliate, I didn't. he might end ufrom how hard I'd hit him back!I just got up and peeked outside the tent.It was so quiet, and I didn't hear anyone moving yet. All the chirping of birds and the rustling of leaves.I stepped out of the tent and stretched—which I immedia body ached, especially the parts that got bruised. I took a before grabbing my toothbrush and some water to wash I didn't go to the bathroom because it was too far. It was  just to wash my face. I'd take a shower later anyway.While brushing my teeth, I noticed Yuri's hammock movlying there, completely wrapped in a blanket. Wait!

 at me again."Oh, it's you," he said, smiling. "...Good morning."I wanted to smile back, but my lips refused. I felt so embhim, so much so! I tried to fix what was left between us, couldn't do it anymore.He got off the hammock and grabbed his toothbrush fromwalked over to me and got some water from the jug besid"Sorry... I didn't recognize you," he said as he started bru"It's okay... Why did you put your glasses back on?" I askI didn't want to completely distance myself from him. I oIt would be so wrong to disregard that just because of ou"I take off my contacts before sleeping. I couldn't see wewear these," he said, pointing to his glasses.I nodded. Is it hard to wear glasses? But it's probably hareverything blurry. The world is just a blur."My parents are asking about us," he suddenly said, makI glanced around. Someone might hear us, and it would dmore gossip or fights.

 I wasn't looking at him. Was I that obvious? I just didn't still had to go through with it.I finished brushing my teeth and went back to my tent. Cawake, looking disheveled and smiling at me.he still had bedhead."You woke up early," he said."Wouldn't you wake up if someone slapped you while yoLet's see if you wouldn't," I muttered while grabbing clot"Huh?""Nothing."I set my clothes aside. I was planning to shower right aftthat would have to wait since Eman was still asleep.I stepped out of the tent and saw that the others were alrewalked past me, and for some reason, his gaze felt differI followed him with my eyes.What's his problem?I saw Felix gathering small branches, probably for firewowalkedovertohelphim

 I tried learning from Eman before, but I stopped. He hit mwhen I held the knife wrong once.And that was just holding the knife!"Felix! Jay-jay!" someone called us.We both turned and saw Rory waving at us. We walked oEveryone was awake, and it looked like we were about todiscussion."Is everyone here?" Edrix asked.We all looked around. Once we confirmed everyone wasanswered "yes" almost in unison."Okay... We need to get ready early. The retreat program Lunch is at 12 PM, and the recreational activity is at 1:30explained. "...but we're not included in that."We all had the same reaction to what he said. How are wWhy are we even here if we're not part of it? Just to caus"What? Why?" I asked."How did that happen?" Denzel asked.Rory chuckled. "You guys act like this is new."

 "Boring," Calix said boredly."Then go join your girlfriend," Ci-N suggested to Calix."If I could, I would."It really was boring. Rest? We already sleep so much at nhave to rest during the day too."There's nothing else we can do," Eman said as he openehotdogs. "...we can't go out anymore. We'll get scolded.""Do you guys want to go swimming?" I asked out of nowall look at me.The truth was, I still knew a lot about this place even thowhile since I last hung out here."Is there a pool here?" Ci asked.I shook my head. "There's a small waterfall and a river."The idiots seemed to perk up and gathered around me. I cinterest in what I was saying."There is? Let's go there.""Wait! The organizers might not allow it."

 "Okay! Let's just go there!" Ci-N said excitedly."Let's talk about it later!" Eman said, looking at me. "...hI immediately walked over to help him cook breakfast. H packs of hotdogs, five packs of bacon, and a dozen eggs.leftover rice from last night.The others were busy drinking coffee while waiting. I hawe brought wouldn't last long with how much we ate.We really ate a lot!After cooking, we fed the idiots. The crazy kid was clearswimming. he was even pretending to swim with his hanGo ahead. Swim all you want!I wasn't sure if the path we used to take was still there. Tdeveloped, so it might be gone.After eating, they all rushed to the bathroom. They were  be a lot of people, and they'd have to fight for a spot. As chilling. A little wait, and I could shower.I wasn't disappointed because when I got there, there wer people in the bathroom. While arranging my clothes andsuddenly crossed my mind.

 When Yuri took Snorlax. Ella said something, and Yuri n be it? A segue!What the hell! I couldn't relax because of that damn "trutto be nothing, I'll pull Ella's hair. Even if it means fightinI continued showering. More people were coming into thfinished quickly and left.When I got back to the site, only a few of them were therstill gone and would probably take a while."Get ready, Jay! Let's go ahead!" Eman said.I nodded at him and went straight to my tent. I put down ready. After that, I joined Eman and Edrix, who were wa"What about the others?" I asked as we walked."They'll follow. Our seats are at the back, so they'll see uEman said.We continued walking and arrived at the hall. Eman was were at the very back.There was a huge sign that said "SECTION E!" right acrof benches, so we wouldn't get lost. As soon as we sat doMayo arrived, followed by Ci-N, who immediately sat be

 We all stood up. One of our batchmates started praying iAfter that, we sat back down and listened to what the org"Thank you so much for... Blah blah blah...."For some reason, I started feeling sleepy while listening kept yawning and wiping my teary eyes.I rested my head on Ci-N's shoulder. he didn't resist and jmy eyelids started to droop. It was so boring.Before I knew it, I had fallen asleep. Even in my dreamssomething. It sounded like bees in a bottle."Jay..." someone called me.I didn't respond. I wasn't sure if I was still dreaming. Theand then I suddenly heard clapping.Oh no! It's over!People were clapping, which meant it was over. I quicklyand joined in the clapping. But when I looked around, noclapping.I stopped clapping and looked around. Our batchmates wstanding up. I looked at Ci-N beside me, and he was gigg"NiJ!"Didlhi

 You jerks! Animals!"I did get tired," Ci-N said innocently, and they all fell siThey looked at me and then at Keifer. Even without themknew what they were thinking. Their minds are so dirty! King, who was frowning and clearly ready to punch som"...we talked for a long time. And we talked about a lot oadded, and the Ulupongs seemed to relax.They're so green-minded!"We thought you did something else," Blaster said, laugh"Enough. Let's eat," Keifer said and stood up.The others followed him. There was a long line in front owas."Is it lunch already?" I asked Ci-N.he nodded. "You were sleeping so soundly. We didn't waWow.We lined up for lunch. Thankfully, there was plenty of foUnlikeyesterdaywhenweonlygotleftoversCihanded

 "Freya... Don't start a scene," Mica, who was behind Freyclassmates, warned."Shut it, Mica!" Freya shouted at her and turned to face mthis I heard? You and..." She looked at Keifer, who was sfrom us. "...what a great choice!"Another scene! So annoying!"I don't want trouble, Freya," I said calmly but firmly."Oh, really?!" she asked sarcastically. "...what if I want t"Freya! Please..." Mica pleaded.Freya ignored her. I saw Ella, who was also beside Mica back at Freya and suddenly had a bad feeling.Are they doing this on purpose?"Freya.""You think you're so pretty," she said snobbily, looking m"Stop it, Freya!" Yuri scolded, making her sharp gaze tur"Shut up! Don't you dare interrupt me when I'm talking!"angrily.

 I was scared she might shout it out. There were so many us.I tried to walk away, but Freya was really in a mood. Shecausing me to drop the tray I was holding.My food!I pushed her hand away and glared at her. "What's your p"You! Because you're such a flirt!""You're so embarrassing!""Hah!" She matched my glare."Can you just stop, Freya!" Felix said irritably.Freya looked at him. "Why are you talking to me like thawon't like it."Brother?! Is she talking about P-Percy?Why is Percy involved here? What's going on? Does shealive?"Percy's been gone for a long time! You've been gone forFelix replied.

 "So you know him too?" she asked irritably. "...Let me gtold you?" She emphasized the word "friends."It was Percy. But what happened? Why did she end up wYuri? Did they know about it too? Did they do it on purpI was so confused.I looked at Yuri and Keifer, and they both avoided my gawanting to be questioned about it."Did your friends also tell you what they did to me?" Freglaring at the two.What they did?"Enough, Freya," I said, but she clearly didn't want to sto"Why? Don't you want others to hear?!""What do you want?!"I was starting to clench my fists. If she didn't stop, I mighher.She crossed her arms and stared straight at me. "I want towhen you find out what those two did to me."EventhoughIwantedtoknowIdidn'tthinkIcouldhan

 Freya smiled and walked away. Her classmates followedat me apologetically."Section E, go back to your campsite," Sir ordered us.We had no choice but to obey. The worst part was that wyet. When we got back, I immediately confronted Yuri ancare if the Ulupongs were watching."What was Freya talking about?" I asked, clearly annoyeI was trying to stay calm, but my emotions were all over the only one who wanted answers. Even Edrix was listen"We're all tired and hungry. Can we talk about it later?" KI got even more annoyed. I knew he was just avoiding it.thing later."Why not now?!" I couldn't hold back my irritation."Jay... Please," Yuri pleaded."What's the problem?!""Because that was a mistake!" Keifer shouted, making mfreeze. "...It was just a mistake back then! Why do you nit?! It can't be undone!"

 "Jay..." Ci called me. "...I thought we were going swimmI knew Ci was just trying to change the subject. Things mtense between us."I'll check if the path we used before is still there," I saidThey let me go. The path led back to the hall, but that wagoing. Behind the hall was a fishpond. It was just a shortI wasn't disappointed because I immediately saw the wateven that had been developed. There was a big gazebo inlooked like an island. To reach it, there was a long bridgeI just glanced at it and continued walking along the edge found what I was looking for. I went to the wooded area,immediately met with barbed wire and a big "Keep Out"Pffttt...But that wouldn't stop me. I peeked through to the other  pathway we used to take.I smiled because the path was still there. We could go to I started walking back to invite them, but I froze when I sthe bridge.She was crying, but I could see the anger on her face. I nh

 Chapter 176: Freya HidalgJay-jay's POVI wanted to ask her. I wanted her to clarify what she saidwanted to do that.But I knew this wasn't the right time for it. I watched her because I enjoyed seeing her cry, but because I was seeinof Freya.The real her.I was about to walk away because I knew what I was doiFreya noticed me before I could leave.Damn!She glared at me, as if waiting for my excuse. I couldn't smy tongue had tied itself in knots."What do you want?" she asked seriously.It was clear she didn't want to argue anymore, and neithecouldn't speak.

 Tsk! So annoying! As embarrassing as it was, I wanted toalready here, I might as well clarify things."W-what you said earlier. I... I don't understand," I said, aShe chuckled slightly. "I thought your friends already tolI shook my head slightly. Freya looked me up and down."Then again, I'd be more surprised if they actually told ysmirking annoyingly.She was back to being B*tch Freya!"What's—""Yuri and Keifer are my exes," she cut me off, emphasiziKiko had already told me that. I didn't say anything, waitcontinue."After Percy died, Yuri was the first one to approach me.showing that he was there for me anytime..." she said, teaher eyes again. "...but what that asshole did is unforgivabTears streamed down her face, but she didn't care. She wsee the pain she was going through."Hemademefallforhimandtookwhathewantedlike

 I wanted to go to Freya and hug her. I wanted to let her klisten. But who was I? I'd be such a hypocrite if I did thatFreya Hidalgo—she's stronger than me.She wiped her tears and took a deep breath. "And then KTaking the spotlight." She shook her head slightly. "...at fshould be grateful to him, but I was wrong."She looked back at me. I almost stepped back because ofgaze."It was too good to be true. He's the ideal boyfriend that Treating me like queen, even though only a few knew weTears were forming in her eyes again. "...but it all changeit was still Yuri. That bastard let jealousy consume him! I point where he laid his hands on me!"Damn it!Is this what Rakki was talking about? Keifer can hurt a wI'm so confused!"What's worse? He became controlling! I felt like a prisodeep breath to hold back her tears. "...Don't talk to this guDon't go here! Don't leave your house without my permitry to disobey me!" She mimicked Keifer's voice.She ran her fingers through her hair and looked into the d

 "W-what did you do?"She smirked at me, as if bragging. "I went out with othertired of me and left."She slept with other guys? Not just one? Multiple?! Wha"...Then people started calling me a slut, bitch, and whor —if you knew!" she said, pointing at me. "...would you sI looked down. If only I had known. Maybe I could've beMaybe I would've tried to talk to her back then. Maybe Iunderstood her bitterness."I'm pathetic, right?" Tears fell from her eyes again.I was about to walk closer to her, but she raised her hand"Don't! I don't need your fake sympathy," she said and wShe bumped into me but didn't even look back. I didn't kwanted to blame Yuri and Keifer, but what for? Yuri. She just took what he wanted and left her. Keifer. He was theyou'd want to marry, but he could also hurt you.Impossible!"Jay-jay!!" someone called me.

 I looked at him, confused. "Huh?""The small waterfall and river. We thought you were cheTsk! Deaf!"Ahh... Y-yes. I-I saw it. Are we going now?"I looked at David. His gaze was different, as if saying, "Twrong with you.""Sure. We don't have anything else to do," Ci-N said exc"I'll go get the others," Felix said and walked away.The three of us were left. Ci-N saw the gazebo and immeit. David and I just watched him as he inspected every co"We ran into Freya. Did you two talk about something?" I deliberately avoided his gaze because I had a strong fee"Just our argument earlier."He didn't ask further. That's how he is—he doesn't pry orstill wondering how he and Percy met.Ci-N ran back to us, still smiling and clearly excited.

 I looked at the idiots. They were clearly excited too. Theof me when I noticed something.The King and Yuri weren't there. I looked back to where thinking they might've been left behind."Josh, Keifer, and Yuri stayed behind," Felix said. "...theneeds to watch our spot."I just nodded. Watch the spot? More like they didn't wanThose guys are good at making excuses. I don't know wh"Let's go! Let's go!" Ci-N, the most excited of all, urged.I walked ahead of them since I knew the way. We passedovergrown area beside the fishpond. Like I saw earlier, th"Keep Out" sign."We'll cross here," I said, squeezing through the wires."Be careful," David said, helping me.Once on the other side, I waited for them to cross. I madewas here before we continued walking. We just followed part without plants because it was frequently used.When I said it was overgrown, I expected tall grass, but wwas more than that. The path was slippery, and there werh

 We kept walking. I was getting nervous because I felt likwrong path.You're in trouble, Jay!What scared me more was the possibility of running into best friend for me!My worries disappeared when I heard the sound of rushinlouder with every step we took.And they were amazed when they saw the small waterfalclear, shimmering with every drop and flow."Let's swim!" Ci-N shouted and immediately ran toward The other Ulupongs followed. The guys immediately tooexcept for Ci-N, who was only wearing boxers. I facepalappearance."Damn! It's not just your height that's small, huh?" Eren We all laughed, and it got even louder when Ci grabbed h"It'll grow! Don't provoke it!" Felix shouted, laughing."Hey!" I scolded him.Heseemedtohaveforgottentherewasagirlwiththem

 "Don't you want to join them?"I turned to the person who spoke. David was standing behands in his pockets. He was also smiling as he watched "Maybe later," I replied."Up to you," he said and took off his shirt.Why did it suddenly feel hot?He immediately joined the others and started swimming.his back, and they almost slipped.As long as we don't get caught by the organizers, we'll behandle it. Superman could too, but he's busy swimming wUlupongs.I noticed them running toward me. Before I could get upsitting, they surrounded me."W-what?" I asked nervously.Wait a minute!I think I know what they're planning. Felix and Rory immmy wrists. They pulled me until we reached the waist-deTheystoppedandsurroundedmeTheyletmego

 One by one, they stopped when they got tired. I took the  breath. I felt like I was drowning in what they did."Wow! Were you trying to kill me?" I asked them.They just laughed. Animals!"Don't be shy! Take off your clothes!" Ci teased, but he ihard slap on the back of his head from David."You're really something!""Why? It's fine with me. I've already seen her naked," hethe back of his head.My eyes widened at what he said. Even the others were she's seen me naked?"We're telling Keifer," Edrix threatened."Are you serious?" I asked Ci.he nodded innocently. "I saw your back when you were n"Oh my!""he's really something!""Thisisbad!"

 "You do," he insisted.I looked at Felix, who was the closest to me."Can you check?" I asked, and he came closer.I slightly lifted the back of my shirt, enough for him to setalking about. The others also peeked and looked."There is," Felix said."Is that a scar? Why does it have a shape?" Edrix asked."Idiot! It's probably a scar," Eren countered."A scar? It's blurry! And if it's a scar, it should be smoothinterjected."Why does it have a shape?" Eman asked.A shape?"It's shaped like the bottom of an iron," David said.I felt like I'd been doused with cold water. Colder than th pulled my shirt down and gripped the hem tightly.They seemed surprised by what I did. They immediately lookedatmecuriously

 Even I didn't know where I got it.It was one of the things Lola had treated when I woke upWhenever I asked them, they wouldn't answer. I thoughtcompletely disappeared. We kept going to the doctor to rit seemed like it didn't want to go away."O-oh... Y-your scar is so fancy. It even has a shape," he I forced a laugh, even though it was really awkward. I knwhat he meant to say."...You're probably too lazy to scrub it, so it didn't go awmaking the idiots laugh.You crazy kid!Do scars even disappear by scrubbing? he's really somethwas just saying that to ease the awkwardness."That's why Jay-jay needs another bath!" Felix shouted aat me.The shameless ones joined in. I almost drowned in what tried to fight back, but it was useless because of how harsplashing.We stayed in the water for a long time. If we hadn't gottebblld'hdhlbddl

 "You're the only one who's unsatisfied!" Felix teased himThey continued messing around as if they had endless enalmost at the hall when I stopped.I was confused when I saw who Sir Alvin was talking toUlupongs noticed me, they also looked at what I was loo"Why is your cousin here?"

 Chapter 177: Keifer's sideJay-jay's POV"Where have you been?" Kuya Angelo asked while lookhead to toe.My clothes were soaking wet, so it was obvious that we hswimming or gotten wet. He also looked at my companio"W-we went swimming----""Where?" He cut me off.He already knew there was a small waterfall nearby. Tha pick me up when he wanted me to go home."At the fishpond," Ci answered, causing all of us to look "Excuse me? At the fishpond?" Sir Alvin clarified.We all nodded nervously. It was better than admitting wewaterfall and river. We might get into trouble."Do you know how dirty the water in that fishpond is?!" tingedwithirritation.

 "Jay-jay's grumpy Kuya is here!" Ci-N said.Yuri and Keifer exchanged glances before looking at meanything. I just grabbed what I needed and ran to the restSince there weren't many of us, I didn't wait or line up foquickly washed up and changed. I didn't want Kuya to geI ran back to the campsite to drop off my things."Why are you so panicked?" Felix asked me.I stopped. "I feel like something happened. Kuya wouldnreason."A big part of me was telling me that. He could've just calsignal here was terrible."Think positive, Jay. Maybe your Kuya just wants to chesaid.But that didn't help ease my feelings. Something felt off."Go ahead... Go see your Kuya," Yuri said, smiling at meI returned the smile and walked back to the hall where I ltalking to Sir Alvin.TheywerestillthereandnowArieshadjoinedthemHe

 Kuya crossed his arms and looked at me intently."Cyrus's parents called me," he said.*Oh no!*"...He was brought to the hospital along with his friends.I avoided his gaze. I knew it! Kuya wouldn't come here fhow annoying!"Did you have something to do with that?" Kuya asked dHis voice was starting to rise, and my heart was poundin"B-because...""Damn it!" Kuya shouted, making me tremble in fear. "..happened?!"My tongue and mouth refused to cooperate. It was as if thscared of Kuya. I wanted to explain everything, but I cou"Did your craziness act up again?" Aries asked sarcastica*Crazy?*Was he calling me crazy? For some reason, I felt insultedwasn'ttrue

 I looked down. I didn't know the answer. No matter howcouldn't find one. Maybe... Maybe I really was crazy."I-I don't... know."Aries chuckled lightly. "Then you're crazy.""Enough!" Kuya shouted at the top of his lungs.His voice was as loud as thunder. It felt like the sky mighthe intensity. Maybe Kuya would make a good referee foloud he could yell.Kuya looked at me. "Did you do it?!"I slowly shook my head. "N-no----""I did," someone cut me off.Who else would it be but the King of Snakes who loved tturned to look at him. He had his hands in his pockets an boredly."Excuse me?" Kuya asked irritably."That thing that happened to----what's his name again?" innocently.Seriously?Afterallthejealousyhecouldn'tevenremem

 "I don't know," the pest replied quickly.What a jerk!"What do you mean 'you don't know'?" Kuya asked irritaThis idiot was probably trying to piss Kuya off before gianswer."Tss."*Damn it!*Kuya was holding onto his patience, but he was clearly g probably knew how this guy operated."If you don't have anything sensible to say, you can leavangrily to Keifer.The two of them stared each other down. It felt like they shoot lasers from their eyes.Just let one of them melt already."Keifer... I don't have time for your jokes," Kuya said caauthority.I looked at the pest, pleading with my eyes. If he wasn't gheshouldn'tstiruptroubleIwastheonegettingblamed

 "...so I did what I could. I took down that Cyrus.""And what are you doing in Holy Saints? I know Jay-jaydo there. What about you?" Kuya asked."Sightseeing," he answered quickly.*Nice!*What a great answer! I was amazed. This guy really loveI really wanted to punch him.I glanced at Aries. His fists were clenched tightly. Betwehe was quicker to lose his temper."Seriously?" Kuya asked sarcastically. "...Keifer----""You're so stupid," Keifer said bluntly, causing Aries to g"What did you say?!" Aries shouted angrily. "...what did  brother?!""Stupid," Keifer repeated.*Oh no!!!*"Aries," Kuya called. "...Let him go," he ordered, but Arwilling to comply. "...Now!"

 *Because he's gay and jealous of my beauty!*Maybe the King was right. Kuya really was stupid. Did h past with Cyrus? Sometimes Kuya was so dense.Like Aries, Keifer, Yuri, and even Percy. They were all th"Because... of what I did to him before," I sighed. "...He I heard Kuya take a deep breath. I didn't know if he was didn't react, but his fists were still clenched."Did you do that to Cyrus's friends too?" Kuya asked Ke"No. It was our classmates," he answered while looking a"Thanks for clarifying that. You can go now," Kuya dismI nodded and started walking away. My steps were slow heavy. I could feel the King behind me.We were near our site when I stopped. He stopped too, ahim saying anything, I knew he had something to say."Jay," he called.I turned to him. I didn't know if he was just bored of this dealing with me.

 He looked down. "I can't promise."I felt weak at his words. What if he didn't answer any of my worry disappeared when he held my hand."...but I will try my best," he added, smiling.I couldn't return the smile, but I held his hand tightly."D-did you really hurt Freya?" I asked, looking into his eHe didn't look away. "I did."My chest tightened, and I didn't understand why. He realWhy? Hadn't he learned from what happened to his mom"W-why? Why did you do that?"I couldn't help raising my voice. I felt angry at what he dunderstand what he did to me, let alone what he did to FrWe weren't friends, but we were both girls. That was enoto feel angry about what happened to her."Freya is my first in everything," he let go of my hand, amy heart. "...but I'm not hers."Freya had told me that.

 "...I'm sure you won't understand how much it hurt me anespecially when I realized Yuri was on her mind while whe took a deep breath. "...jealousy and fear consumed meuntil I couldn't control myself anymore... I----""You hurt her," I continued for him. "...but that's not a goFreya is a girl."He looked away. Maybe I didn't understand the pain he fwas trampled. How much it hurt that Freya was thinkingwhile they were together."I don't know... Maybe I'm like Dad," he said, looking doI felt his sadness when he said that. I suddenly felt ashamon him without considering his feelings.I stepped closer and hugged him."No. You're not like him," I said.I felt his arms wrap around me too. "Believe me. I was shdid. I made sure I wouldn't do it again."But you almost did it to me.His grip tightened around me, as if he had read my mind"BtIltdidittBYiild

 "Sorry. I understand you. I just couldn't believe you coulHe forced a smile. "Do you have more questions?"I did."I-I do... Maybe next time----""It's okay. You can still ask me," he cut me off.But I didn't know if I should ask more. I felt like I had almuch.He looked at me, waiting for my next question. So, even want to..."Freya told me something else," I took a deep breath. "...restrained her like a prisoner."He suddenly laughed. I was annoyed by his reaction, butlightened the mood."That thing is actually normal."*Normal for him?!*"Normal?"Henodded"ShewasactingoutbackthenIkeptseeing

 "A-Aries? H-how...?""Remember Mykel Mitchell?" he asked, and I nodded. ".Aries and Freya were in a relationship. He even showed of them making out.""W-what did you do?"Why did that story sound familiar?"Nothing. She was breaking up with me at that time, anddidn't want to let go. Then when Mykel told me about themaybe she really didn't want me anymore," he forced a sgo."*MIRACLE?!*He didn't even confront or punch Aries. This was a miracangel passed by at that time. Or maybe Mykel talked som"Really?"He looked at me curiously. "What?""You didn't confront Aries?" I asked, and he nodded. "...t believe.""Yeah... I didn't confront him. I went after Mykel insteadldl

 "I do. Freya said Yuri only took what he wanted and thentrue?" I asked with concern in my voice."That one... I don't know," he said, and I looked at him c bother finding out what happened between them----all I kdid things, which I accepted."*Pffttt...*Why didn't he know? He should've known. How lame! Mquestions were about that."It's hard to believe Yuri would do something like that," Iwhisper."I doubt Yuri did that kind of thing," he said, thinking. ".were together, he still asked me about Freya."That meant he still cared about Freya."...there were times when he showed he still had feelingswhy I got really jealous too."I felt relieved. Yuri wouldn't do that. If he only wanted hwouldn't care about her anymore. But the look on Freya'stold me about it... I could see how much she was hurt. It her to be lying.h'hh?

 "Okay. Let's go back," I said to him.Before I could take a step, he grabbed my arm. I looked athen at his face. He was smiling and raising his eyebrowsI think I know what that means.He pouted, confirming my suspicion. The idiot was askin"No," I replied quickly. "...it's already dark."He immediately frowned and looked at me annoyed. He expression so quickly."Kuya's there, right? What if he suddenly comes here... Wreasoned."Fine," he said irritably and walked ahead of me.I just laughed. He needed to be controlled. If it went too on New Year's might happen again.At least some of my questions about him and Freya wereYuri's part was left.I knew he had an explanation too.I was ready to listen to it.

 Even though I was confused, I took it and looked at all oknow they brought alcohol----wait!This isn't ours! This is from Section A. Tsk! These guys a"Eat first, Jay! You might get sick from that," David said plate full of----pulutan (snacks)!"Hey! Don't get her drunk!" Edrix shouted worriedly. "..demons in the fire again!"Everyone laughed loudly while looking at me. These idiomaking fun of me? I just rolled my eyes and looked for aI just hope I don't get drunk.You're all in trouble if I do.

 Chapter 178: BarakudaJay-jay's POV"I don't like tight spaces. I don't like it hot. I don't like muThat's a line from a movie, right?Ugh, this is annoying! I woke up feeling so cramped. I wsweat. Even though I didn't want to, I opened my eyes, ahead hurt even more.*Curse this hangover!*I never learn. I keep drinking even though I know I'll waterrible headache.*Damn it!* It feels like my head is splitting in half. I triehead with my hands, but for some reason, I couldn't movI forced myself to look at my hands. My senses fully wokthe reason.I WAS TIED UP!*Sonofa—!*Myhandsweretiedtobothsides.Ontop

 So, even though I didn't want to, I slowly turned to the leclose, it felt like he was about to kiss me."K-Keifer," I called out to him.The idiot didn't budge and seemed to be in a deep sleep. my right, and the situation and position were almost the s"Yuri," I also called out to him.He didn't move either. I was so sticky from sweat. I triedinto them. I heard a loud groan from them, and they slighfrom me."Wake up. Please! My tent is small, and you both squeezhere," I said irritably.Yuri was the first to open his eyes and sit up. He yawned"Good morning," he greeted me with a smile."Good morning to you too. Maybe you can untie me nowsarcastically.He looked at my hands. I thought he was going to reach f just poked Keifer to wake him up. He did it several timeone finally woke up."Wht?!"KifkdYiiitbl

 "Are we doing it now?" Yuri asked.*Doing what?!*"We could."*Doing what?!*"Won't we be heard outside?"*Heard doing what?!*"Cover her mouth so we won't be heard."I was so confused, my neck almost snapped from lookinthem. I couldn't understand what they were talking aboutYuri smiled and leaned his face closer to me. I was gettinout."Jay... Don't get mad, okay?" he asked, which made me econfused. "...we're going to—."*Holy crap!*"What?! You're crazy!" I shouted, struggling against the They both burst out laughing. That's when I realized theywithmeMyeyebrowswerealmosttouchingfromhowf

 I was about to walk toward the jug to get some water, busaw their reactions.These weirdos!They all moved away but kept looking at me. Some hid btheir tents. Ci-N hid behind David."What's wrong with you all?" I asked. No one answered. Suddenly, someone tapped my shouldme, smiling."That's the last time for you. No more drinking," he said some water.*Holy cow!*What happened last night?! I got drunk! I know that! Butafter? Here we go again.Another hand tapped my shoulder. Keifer also walked pa"Nice..." he said and also got some water. "...Barracuda."*Damn it!**Flashback...*

 I heard Keifer and Yuri laughing. I glared at them. Even saying it, I knew they were laughing at me.I looked at Ci, who was still hiding behind David. he kep"Ci-N..." I called him and tried to approach him, but he istepped back while still holding onto David."D-don't come near me."I looked at him irritably. "What's wrong with you?!""Hide me, David!" he shouted.David just let him hide behind him. I was so confused byI looked at Eman, but before I could say anything, he ransame, even though he was glaring at me."Hey! What's going on with you all?" I asked, but no one"You were so wild last night," Yuri said, handing me somI immediately felt nervous. I think I know what I did. Oh"Who's Barracuda, by the way?" Keifer asked."Huh?"

 "Congratulations! You portrayed your character very welwith an annoying smile.*Argh! What the—?!*"What did I really do?!"I noticed Felix slowly approaching me. He was clearly hhis phone and started pressing some buttons. When he wit to me.A video... Again?!I played the video. The footage was shaky. It hurt my eyehad to endure it to remember what I did.They were shouting loudly. The person recording kept ruwhy the footage was so shaky."I need a virgin!" a loud shout... Was that me?I couldn't see myself in the video, so I couldn't be sure if shouting. But my gut told me it was definitely me."I am Barracuda!" I shouted again.This time, I was sure it was me."Shit!Jay'sgoingcrazy!"Calix'svoicesaid

 "Ci-N! Hide!""Hurry, Ci!""Ci-N! Play dead!"Suddenly, Ci-N and I disappeared from the frame. The caagain."Where are they?!" Felix asked worriedly.The camera focused on the bonfire. A moment later, I aparound as if searching for something."I need a virgin! I need a virgin! In exchange for eternal shouting.I cringed at how I looked in the video. The things I was ssame lines from our school play back then.*I looked so stupid!*"Eman! He's still a virgin!" Blaster suddenly shouted in t by loud laughter."Idiot, Blaster!""Eman! Run!"

 I thought they were going to chase each other again, but and Yuri appeared with ropes. They immediately approacwrapping the ropes around my entire body.The crazy bunch clapped loudly and started gathering ar"Burn the witch!" Ci-N shouted, but David gave him a ha back of his head.That's where the video ended. I was so embarrassed to fawonder they were so scared of me."We couldn't sleep. We were scared of you," Felix said a phone."Sorry," I said.I also faced Ci-N, who was still hiding behind David."Ci... Sorry.""Please, Jay... Don't get drunk like that again," David sai"I won't... I'm really sorry."Ci slowly came out from behind David. he was still lookfaced me."Canyou"hestartedandwewaitedforhimtocontinu

 "Where are you going?" David asked."I'm going to take a shower!" I shouted back as I continuI almost ran to the bathroom to get there quickly. I didn't breakfast. You know how it is!*These snakes are ruthless!*Since it was still early, I was the only one in the bathroommyself! Nice! I had the right to sing whatever song came*Oh yeah!*I started showering, and while I was busy, I kept singing" ...Baby you don't have to rushyou can leave your toothbrushat my place... At my place.We don't need to keep rushyou can leave your toothbrushat my place... At my place.Stuckinthelimbo----Aaaaggghhhh!!"

 "H-how was I supposed to know someone else was here-screamed again when I saw her fully.The girl was completely naked! Her hair was soaking westill some shampoo in it.I just looked at the ceiling. I'm a girl too, but... *Damn it"What?! Can't look at my gorgeous body?" she teased.I didn't answer. I tried to close the curtain with my foot, bwas blocking it."...Or maybe you're hiding something?" she added and sutowel.I held onto it tightly. I almost slipped while struggling wShe was about to see something she shouldn't."FREYA!" I shouted, still struggling. "...You're such a jerThis girl was so annoying. I thought she wouldn't stop, sowhen she finally let go."You're no fun," she said irritably.I glared at her. But it slowly faded when I saw that her eyShe also looked like she was hungover or, more accuratedkdtfit

 "W-what?! Just go away!" I felt my face burning.*Damn this girl!* Doesn't she have anything better to doflaunt her body like that? She has no shame.But in fairness, she has a nice body!She just smirked and walked away. I didn't take my eyesnoticed something shiny on her ear.I wasn't sure, but it looked like an earring. It sparkled forthen disappeared.It looked familiar!But before I could think about where I'd seen it before, I again and quickly finished my shower. I didn't want her tmess with me again.After showering and brushing my teeth, I went back to ofresh. I was so embarrassed earlier. I didn't want him to sscary.When I got back, they were already eating breakfast. *Pfeven wait for me."Eat, Jay!" Calix called out to me."Fdihttlilifjtttllif"

 "Tsk! That's the last time for you. No more drinking," he"O-okay. We're good, right?" I said, making a peace signHe smiled while shaking his head. "Yeah, we're good."I got some food and sat next to Ci, who was being his usutelling stories."Barracuda! Barracuda!" they called me while laughing.*Damn it!*I glared at them. "I'll throw this plate at you!""Alululululululu!" Drew shouted, and they laughed even"You're all demons!""That's enough!" Edrix scolded them. "...She might cook"Hahahahahaha... Witch!"*Damn it!* I thought he was going to stop them, but he jin. These snakes are always like this.They kept teasing me while we ate. Afterward, they startone to go to the bathroom. They were going to shower beattendtheprogramagainLunchwouldfollowandthen

 "Barracuda! Barracuda!" someone shouted while runningWho else could it be?!Just one time. Just one slap for this kid. That's all I ask! JI'll be happy."Move over! I'm sitting there," he said, pushing me.Look at this guy. Pushing me like that. I almost fell face-him, but he just smiled at me.*Little brat!*The others started arriving. The organizer spoke into the quieted down. We started with a prayer again."Keep an eye on that one. She might fall asleep again," Bthey laughed."Tsk! I'm not going to fall asleep," I snapped at them.We looked to the front as the organizer cleared his throatattention."Let's talk about something that everyone can relate to," the mic said. "...very common and known to this world."Iknowthis!Iknowthis!MONEY!

 Everyone immediately looked at him. There was loud lauapplause.*Holy crap!*"Wooooh!""Hahaha..."Even the organizer just laughed at him. I glared at him, b proud of what he did."...BUT RAKKI AND I HAVE FOREVER! I LOVE YODIEGO!"I just facepalmed. he's really something else. I'm sure thianother long day.It's always like this!

 Chapter 179: Truth or DarJay-jay's POVThis little brat is so annoying. He's always stealing the sphit him fast."Rakki! I love you!" Ci shouted while chasing Rakki."Stay away from me! You're so annoying! You're embarrshouted back as she ran away.We just watched them. Even the other people around werand shaking their heads. They really know how to steal thWe were currently in line. It was lunchtime, and after thethe organizer—I didn't understand anything. It was all abThere were even some confessions of feelings, but of coutop Ci-N."Jay..." David called me while handing me a tray.I took it and immediately picked out some food. I could alechon from afar. *Oh my gosh! Lechon!*Itwassoshinyandglistening!

 "Why do you care?" I asked him irritably.He glared at me and handed me a bottled water. "You're I just ignored him and continued eating. Before going to waited for the others.Since Ci-N took so long—he was the last one we were wfood was almost gone. I couldn't help it. The organizer's hungry."Finally, it's over," Calix said irritably."Let's go! Let's go!" Edrix urged.We started walking back to our spot. I had only taken a ftray suddenly flew into the air and landed on the ground.*My food!*"Oops! Sorry," Freya said with a laugh.I wanted to get mad at her and confront her, but sadness Sadness because the floor got to enjoy my food instead o"Here we go again," I heard David whisper.I was still staring at the overturned tray. Even though I hmorethantenbitesofriceandvianditwasn'tenough

 "Excuse me?!" she snapped back."Do you know how hard it is for a pig to get fat just to besaid, pointing at the pieces of lechon on the ground."What?!""The lechon.""Jay-jay has a deep connection with lechon.""...it almost didn't get chosen because there was a bigger drowned in deepsadness!" I added.Almost everyone was staring at me and what I was pointcontrol my irritation.*The lechon!*"What the hell are you talking about?!" Freya asked irrita"Obviously, this!" I answered, pointing at the pieces of le just how you are! Did you even think about the pig's feelchosen to become lechon? Of course, it was so happy.""HUH?!" Everyone around me responded in unison.

 "What...the...fvck?!" She raised an eyebrow. "What's the between what you're saying and what I did?"My eyebrows furrowed in irritation. "Connection? ThereThere's no internet, and it's not paid for!"I felt a hand on my shoulder. I looked and saw Ci-N. he whis head, as if sympathizing with me."Jay..." he started. "...whatever you're going through withtook a deep breath. "...just eat it, because we don't undersI was about to speak again, but Yuri suddenly put his armlike he was about to strangle me. I glared at him."Let's go! Stop being dramatic," he said, pulling me awaI tried to resist, but his grip was too tight."Crazy," I heard Freya say.I had no choice but to walk with these annoying snakes. wasn't done making Freya realize what the lechon went tWhen we got back to our spot, I sat down with my arms  back. My eyebrows were still furrowed as I stared at Sec*You think... Piggy's going to haunt you.*

 I didn't want to take it. It was his food, and I would be thI was still hungry because Freya ruined my meal earlier."Let's just share," I suggested.He sighed and sat beside me. I smiled as I took the tray fstarted eating. I gave it back to him after taking a bite or It was like the first time we shared food. We took turns e both hungry then and had no choice but to share.But why did I share with him back then?He suddenly flicked my forehead. I held it and immediat*That hurt, you jerk!*"Ow! What did I do to you?!" I asked irritably."You were smiling to yourself," he answered, which con*Smiling? Seriously!* I just remembered the time we shasmiled without realizing it. *What the—?!* So embarrasI just took the tray from him and continued eating. I didnthink anything of my smile.After eating—I mean, after smiling—we went back to ouweren't part of their activities anyway.

 *Little brat!*This kid is so annoying. he had to remind everyone aboueven get to lie down on the hammock because Yuri camethem leave so he could lie down instead.*Serves you right!*We all found our spots. Some of them slept because theyup late because of what I did last night. Others played ca betting. Some were just chatting, and of course, that was"What did you tell them?" he asked about the school play"I said no. I didn't know anything about that," I answered"How did they convince you?""They threatened to tell our adviser. They said they'd talkI didn't agree.""Why were you chosen?""Of course... To get back at me. Those classmates of min"What was the story about?""They made it up. It was about a beautiful maiden who nthewitchversionandtheprettiestgirlinourclassplaye

 "I am Barracuda, and I need a virgin in exchange for etermimicked what I said, which I also heard in the video.I cringed. he was so amused by what he said. he even raiand opened his mouth wide."It was longer than that! I just forgot the other lines.""What did they say when you went on stage drunk?" he a"Nothing.""Nothing? Why nothing?""They found out too late. After the program ended, I sud"Where did you go?""To the bathroom. I kept throwing up. There were even r pregnant.""What did you say?""I told them the truth, that I was drunk. But no one believrumor that I was pregnant was stronger."he suddenly burst out laughing, even slapping his thigh. him; my classmates back then were so clueless. Even noware

 "Why are you even telling me about her?" I cut him off.The conversation had shifted to Veronica, whom I hadn'tkid has a weird way of telling stories. The topic just channoticing."Just because," he answered quickly."Maybe you have a crush on Veronica?" I teased him.he glared at me. I just laughed when he suddenly blushedRakki about this?*"NO!" he shouted loudly, as if he was mad. "...don't evenWhat if Rakki finds out..." His voice got softer as he pouI just laughed at him. *Guilty!* I only asked once, and thIt's just a simple crush, so it's not a big deal. Besides, he'she kept pushing me like a kid trying to get rid of a playmgetting annoyed, I just laughed even more. he was bowinto hide his face."What about Rakki? There's Veronica now," I teased him"It's just a crush... I still like Rakki," he answered, poutin*So you admit it.*

 he told me to forgive them because they had sinned greatdidn't clarify what he meant. That's why I'm still confusehe suddenly stood up and stared in one direction. I thougwrong, so I stood up too. I even brushed off my clothes."What?""J-just going to the restroom," he said and quickly ran awIt was so obvious he was avoiding my questions again. I annoying!*I just took my phone and checked the time. We had beenfour hours.I saw Felix starting to light the pile of branches in the mistarting to get dark. Eman was also starting to prepare whcook. I immediately went to him to help."You and Ci had a long chat," Eman commented while h paper plates—so we wouldn't have to wash dishes, we'd "he's so talkative!"He just nodded and continued. The other snakes were likhad just woken up from their nap and were still stretchinWhilEkiCiNbktiif

 "Just eat that."Ci was stomping his feet like a child. I raised an eyebrow"Come on! I saw them over at the hall! They're playing trinsisted."Who's them?" Calix asked."The other sections."Oh right, we were the only ones not participating."Come on! Please..." Ci pleaded, looking at me as if begg"O-okay with me. We're not doing much anyway," I saidothers.The others reluctantly agreed. I looked at the King, who smiled and nodded. The others just scratched their headsWe ate first before starting the game Ci-N wanted to playthe area. We sat in a circle around the bonfire.They took some alcohol from the cooler. They all lookedsuddenly burst out laughing.*Fine! Gang up on me.*

 "That's gross!""Sala-Ola!""Gross? This is just the drink for those who don't want tothe truth," he said, showing us the bottle of Pepsi mixed w"You're disgusting. Let's just start so we can finish," Josh"Explain the mechanics," Felix said."Like this..." Ci handed the bottle to Drew, who was besising while passing the bottle around. When the song stop bottle points to will be asked truth or dare.""Totally original, huh?" Denzel commented sarcastically"Let's start!" Ci said cheerfully and sat beside me.he took out her phone and played some music. We sang aeven clapping.We passed the bottle around. Some passed it quickly, whto slow it down on purpose before handing it to the next Suddenly, the music stopped, and we all stopped singingat...Josh

 "Are you gay?" Blaster asked directly.We all burst out laughing. *What an idiot!* I glanced at they were just laughing along.I wasn't sure if they were just pretending not to be affectedidn't care."No," Josh answered casually."Why don't you have a girlfriend yet?" Drew asked."Because of her..." Josh answered seriously, staring at thyou probably already know."*Not me!*Suddenly, everyone became serious. I didn't know what tabout. I've only heard a little about Josh.I know he has a sixth sense or a third eye. He had a girlfrin an accident.*Was that what he was referring to?*"But... Bro. She's been dead for a long time, right? Maybon," Felix said.*That'sdefinitelywhathemeant*Joshsmiledbitterlya

 The order of who would ask was no longer followed. It sothers didn't want to ask anymore. They just let whoever"Yeah..." Josh answered boredly. "...it's probably in our bcousins, and uncle have it. Only my parents don't."Ci-N raised his hand. "What's the most unforgettable thinJosh suddenly became serious and stared at Ci. It was likwrong question or shouldn't have asked that."Someone's death," he answered directly, sending shiver"...And I don't like it."*Holy crap!* That was so creepy."Damn! That was creepy," Eren commented."I have a question," I said, grabbing their attention.Josh stared at me. I could also see a hint of anger in his eto ask this in front of everyone, but I didn't have a chance privately."Why are you mad at me?"They all looked at him. They were waiting for his answenoticed his sudden mood swings toward me.

 We all looked at him. *Wow!* Only Kuya Angelo has dowas glaring at Josh, and Josh was glaring back at him. Thtime I've seen Josh look at him like that.*So cool!*"If no one has any more questions for Josh, let's get backsaid, and we all sat back down.I don't know where this game will take us. But I have a swon't end without some drama.

 Chapter 180: No more secrJay-jay's POV"...Do the Miley twerk!" Ci-N shouted at Blaster.We were still playing Truth or Dare. Fortunately, the bottme yet. Blaster was the seventh one to get the bottle this It seemed like the sleepy ones had woken up and were noThe teasing was loud, especially when David did the Bud"Dance now!" Felix shouted, already holding his phone rBlaster had no choice but to twerk. We all laughed loudlylooked like he was having a seizure with his stiff movem"Enough! Your dancing is so annoying!" Calix shouted wBlaster scratched his head and stopped. He went back to started passing the bottle and singing again.And wouldn't you know it, the idiots deliberately sped upsuddenly stopped when the bottle landed on me.*Damnit!*

 "I said... I'll choose Truth!"These jerks didn't even give me a choice. But Truth was knows what they'd make me do if I chose Dare.We waited for Rory's question. But the shameless guy lauall looked like idiots staring at him."Jay..." he started while still laughing. "...how many timeKeifer?"*Oh crap!*Sometimes, I really want to punch a friend. Those friendthat they drag you into their craziness. The other snakes wloudly."You're such an animal!" I answered him."That's not the answer," Ci-N said, laughing at me.*I look so stupid!*Why would I answer that? Are they crazy? If these weren probably get offended. Thank goodness I know how they"She doesn't want to answer. Jay-jay has to drink the Pep"Noway!"Iquicklyrefused"yourquestionissostupi

 His bored expression slowly turned into a smile. He lookas if showing off.*If you dare mention that New Year thing, this Pepsi botto your face!*"That smile... Looks like there's something there," Calix "Nothing!" I shouted.Keifer's smile was so annoying. *Ugh!* Add to that his slike he was giving them a clue."Just answer the question," Rory said."We've only kissed! I don't even have any experience!" Iall laughed.I probably shouldn't have added that last part. Their laugand I knew they'd tease me even more. I could feel my chlooked down.*So annoying!* Now I feel the struggle of being the only girl in our SectUgh!*"You were looking for a virgin last night. You should've jlf"Bltidlhildl

 nervous about his question.The others were also waiting for an answer.Honestly, I couldn't even answer that to myself. David haHe's been with me and Ci-N in our shenanigans. He treatthere's no special occasion. Even though he looks so serienjoys being with us.But no matter how I look at it, it doesn't seem like there'sto it. We're just friends, and that's how he sees me too.If I say no, he might get upset with me. If I say yes, I'm nhe might get his hopes up.He suddenly laughed, so I looked at him. "W-what?""You don't have to take it seriously," he said, which mad better.I just laughed, even though it was forced. "W-well... YouThe annoying snakes laughed, even though some of themfaking it. David just shook his head at their antics. They'r"What's an Ulupong?" Ci-N, who was beside me, asked.*Oh no!*

 The others looked at him curiously. I hadn't even told himthought he'd forgotten that I called him that. I forced a smcharm my way out of it.*If I'm even charming!*"...So you mean I'm the King of the Crazy People?!" he aI smiled even wider, showing my teeth if I had to. But it  because he was glaring at me."N-not exactly----""Wait!" Felix cut me off. "...If Keifer is the King, are we *Oh no!*I stared at them. I couldn't even blink. I was hesitant to sathey'd definitely get mad at me and get back at me.*Why did I even call them that?*"That's us, right? I'm right!" Felix shouted.I just bowed my head in embarrassment."You're the crazy one, Jay!""Nicenicknameforus"

 *Don't do that! Don't scare me. That's bad, especially foralready scared.*"Because of that... You have to answer all our questions,""Didn't you already ask one?" Drew asked him."That doesn't count.""Don't cheat!" Denzel scolded him."That doesn't count!" he insisted, facing me. "...tell me! Whandsome among us?""Oh, Ci! You already know the answer to that. Of courseanswered."Huh?! Where?!" Rory asked, squinting at his face. "...doThe most handsome is right in front of you," he said, refeAnd so the bragging began. I didn't even get to answer ththey were all insisting that they were the most handsome*Oh well! They're all handsome. So embarrassing!*"Enough of that!" Yuri said irritably. "...you're just causin"Fine, let's ask something else," Ci said. "...who's the ugl

 With all the pointing, the majority of the fingers were powas so annoyed at everyone.*Nice! Poor Ci.*"Pointing at the ugly one..." he said, clinging to my arm.  bullying me."he looked like a child tattling to a parent. I cringed at hislook like his parent?*"I'll ask next," Kit said, and the attention shifted to him. " back. How did you get that?""What scar?""What?"Yuri and Keifer asked almost simultaneously. They didn'They didn't join our little swimming session earlier. No one spoke. Everyone was looking at me, waiting for all my friends. Honestly, they should know something abmatter what I do, the fear is still there. The fear of what t"Jay-jay..." Keifer called me.I just bowed my head and looked at my hands. I was fidgillhidithbhidbk

 a bit of my past."...I don't know what really happened to me. They asked and mentioned some names----but I didn't know any of th"...I had a lot of wounds on my body----including the onetook a while before I was discharged, but instead of takinMom, they took me to Grandma..."I sighed. It felt so heavy whenever I remembered the timhospital. There wasn't a day I didn't wait for Mom to visiBut nothing hurt more than when they told me she didn'tall."...when I got home, that's when I found out what happenoverheard my uncles and aunts talking. They said I was bMom's last husband. And apparently, her previous husbame..." Tears fell from my eyes. I couldn't hold them backwhat's strange is that I don't remember any of what they'rone... I tried to remember the names they mentioned..." Iand sighed. "...but nothing.""Episodic Amnesia..." Josh suddenly said, and we all loo"...That's the loss of specific parts of your memory. It canmight not.""I-I don't know.""Have you seen a doctor again?" Yuri asked.

 "Your stepdad is crazy!" Ci said angrily. "...Don't let himme!""Oh, what are you going to do?" David challenged him."Hi, Stepdad!" he said, waving and smiling.We all laughed at what he did. I thought he was going toserious. he's so good at breaking the tension."You're crazy, Ci-N!""All bark, no bite!""Ci-N, as always!""How would I know? I don't even know him. Of course, first," he said, pouting."Enough of that!" Blaster shouted. "Let's continue the gagotten my revenge yet!"We laughed a little. The others adjusted their positions. Wand passing the bottle again.While singing, I watched them. It might sound dramatic,happy I ended up in this Section. I've probably said it a falways be grateful for it.

 he smiled back and went back to his spot. The singing stolooked for the bottle. I was so shocked when it landed on"Truth or Dare?!" we all asked in unison."Truth," he answered quickly.*Damn it!*Why did you choose that? I have a strong feeling their quabout us. I also know that he knows about it!"I'll go first!" Rory said. "...When did you start liking Jay*I knew it!*"I don't know... Maybe a few weeks after she joined us," casually."Did you know Keifer likes her too?" Mayo asked."Yes... It's obvious," he answered and smiled.*Why do you look so calm?* I suddenly felt a heavy preWhen I looked, Keifer was staring at me intently.I immediately stood up and went to him. He held my hanI felt something strange. It was like he was angry even thcalm

 I was about to speak up to stop them, but someone beat mcaused a sudden shock. No!

 Chapter 181: Midnight CoJay-jay's POVThe whole Section E was kind to me—even though they mischief. Of course, I also had some conflicts with otherand Yuri.There was Eman, because I messed with his stuff. But wokay after I helped out at their family's restaurant.Then there was Felix, because of what happened with Aralso became cool after I helped him get back into the basBlaster and I had a little disagreement during a group actquickly patched things up.Mayo and I had issues because of that stupid parkour inc because Kit tried to kiss me. He's so jealous! But we bec punched him.And now, it seems like I have a new enemy. Someone's aseems to hold a grudge. But I didn't expect things to esca"When are you planning to tell us about you two?" Josh a

 "I heard you..." He stood up and looked at me before turnto Yuri. "...when are you going to tell everyone that you'r"What?!""Is that true?""Since when?!""Are you messing with Keifer?"One by one, they stood up, their eyes darting between mfor one of us to answer.Damn it!I looked at Josh, pleading with my eyes, but he just glaredo to him? Why is he so mad at me? Did I cause too mucsection for him to hate me this much?"What?! No one's going to answer?!" Felix asked angrilyI couldn't answer. I couldn't think of anything to say. Becengagement is real, but we chose to keep it a secret from"Keifer! Don't you have anything to say?!" Rory asked h"That engagement is a deal between their families. Jay-janothingtodowithitEndofdiscussion"herepliedcalm

 working for Percy!""What?!" Felix shouted angrily and immediately approac"...you're in contact with Percy?! Is that true?!""Damn it! What else don't we know?!" Drew said angrily"Why don't you answer that?!" Denzel yelled at him. "...yknow you've been gambling again?!""You have no right to talk about that! Take care of your wsince you can't even stand up for them!"Denzel's fist immediately flew toward Drew's face. Mayo break them up.Everything was chaos again. Everyone was trying to stop just holding onto Keifer, who was angrily arguing with DFelix."Don't act all high and mighty! You might've forgotten aldone!" David shouted at Keifer.The King didn't hold back and went straight for David towas caught in the middle. I didn't know what to do. Everagain. Everyone was in chaos, trying to stop each other.I felt so heavy. This is all my fault. There's no one else tohld'blikhiifi'f

 "Don't you dare talk to Jay-jay like that!" Ci-N shouted bJosh.They started throwing punches at each other. I tried to st pushed me away. I just knelt down, feeling weak."Stop..." My voice was barely audible, but I needed themPlease!" No one was listening. I took a deep breath to hold back mto face all of them. They needed to stop.Enough! Stop it!"Stop it!" I shouted, but no one paid attention."PLEASE! STOP IT!" I screamed at the top of my lungsOne by one, they started to stop and turned to face me. I streaked cheeks."Look at yourselves!" I said, looking at them. "...You're f petty things!""You just don't understand," Felix said calmly, but the rethere."Then explain it to me! Make me understand!"

 We looked toward the flashlight approaching us. The perturned it off when they saw it was already bright enough That's how we saw who it was.It was Sir Alvin, along with two organizers and two guysquickly composed myself, afraid they'd notice we were f"Section E... What's going on here?" Sir Alvin asked calm No one dared to answer. Everyone avoided his gaze. Onlcourage to approach them. He forced a smile and scratchhead."J-just a little commotion. You know... just some teasing hand," he said, making excuses."We were told you were fighting," Sir Alvin said, lookingYuri looked at us, clearly asking for help. We didn't knowthem.Sir Alvin seemed to notice the problem. He turned to theguys and the two organizers."It seems like there's nothing to worry about. It's just a litSir explained."But Sir... They were really fighting earlier. They were thfhSiAiid

 "Explain what happened," Sir ordered Yuri."It was just a little misunderstanding. We were playing aexplained, scratching the back of his head.Sir looked at all of us, and his gaze stopped at me. I just and looked down. I knew I looked like a mess since I had"You better clean up and go to sleep. Throw away those bSir ordered, pointing at the empty bottles they had been dThankfully, only Sir saw that. If it had been one of the orwould've been in big trouble.I helped clean up. Some of them avoided me, while otherat me. Even though we weren't done cleaning, I decided tent and get my things.I wanted to clean myself up. Maybe it would make me fethe restroom, but the line was long.Great!I had no choice but to wait in line. But with every passineven heavier. After what they found out, I knew they'd av probably felt like I was playing with the two of them.I'm engaged, but I still flirted with others. I'm so stupid. Ihh'bfli

 I suddenly had a bad feeling about what I was hearing. Wlike they're talking about us? I subtly hid behind the girl continued listening."What else do you expect from their section?" her friend"They're so handsome... but they're just troublemakers.""Tell me about it!""It's such a waste for Grace... She ended up with her boyuseless."I knew they were talking about Denzel. I'm used to gossiabout your friends, it really pisses you off."What's the only girl in their section doing?""Nothing... She was just crying in the middle. She couldnclassmates from fighting.""She probably thought it would be fun to be in that sectioknow, it's hell."They laughed a little. Even though I wanted to confront tthe energy. I felt too heavy to even argue.I endured their gossip while waiting in line. It took a fewbfIldfilltiidth

  Now you're playing dumb?!I walked outside. Every step felt heavy. It was like my bogo back to our site. I hadn't even gone far from the restrostopped.There was someone sitting on the rocks near where I wasthey felt my presence, they looked at me and stood up.I already had an idea of who it was, even though it was dwere standing. They walked toward me, into the light. I wI saw their sad face."Jay... I'm sorry about what happened earlier," Yuri said tI shook my head. "You don't have to apologize. It's my faHe held my hand. "Jay—""Let go of her hand."I immediately pulled my hand away. I felt scared of the pYuri and I both looked at him. It was Keifer, angry but trHe walked up to me and held my hand. He subtly pulled "Yes, they already know you're engaged, but that doesn'tright to hold her hand in front of me," he said authoritativ

 "L-let's go back," I whispered.They exchanged sharp glances. It was like they were havcontest.Don't get in the middle! You'll get stabbed!"K-Keifer," I called.I thought they'd keep at it for a while. Thankfully, he finafollowed him, still holding his hand.I tried to look back at Yuri, but Keifer seemed to have a ssubtly pulled my hand before I could even get a good looWow! I had nothing to say.Once we were far enough, I pulled my hand away from hglared at me."Why did you have to do that to Yuri?" I asked, trying to"Now you're concerned about him?" he asked sarcastical"I've always been concerned about him. It's just that we'r —""Then he shouldn't interfere!" he shouted, cutting me off

 Some were already preparing to sleep when I got back. Scleaning up, while others were talking. It was like I sudd No one paid attention to me.I went straight to my tent and decided to just sleep. I waswould still sleep next to me. I just hugged Snorlax tightlyI felt like crying because of how heavy everything felt. TIt's my fault they're like this. If only I had thought thingsmaking decisions.You're so stupid, Jay-jay!Out of sheer exhaustion and crying, I eventually fell asleslightly when I felt someone hugging me.Ci-N was the first one I thought of, so I just let it be. I weonly I could just not wake up so all the problems would eI hadn't been asleep for long. I think it was only two or thwoke up again. I felt warm breath on the back of my nechugging me tightly. Snorlax, who I had been hugging earI tried to turn around to check on Ci, thinking he might'vSnorlax as a leg pillow again. My eyes widened when I shugging me and sleeping next to me.You're not Ci-N!

 I lightly poked his sharp nose. His body didn't react, so I long time examining every corner of his face.His skin is so smooth—my pores are jealous. Do you eve pimples come one by one, but they're so big. Thankfully,deep marks on my face.I've only seen him sweat heavily once. But instead of smhe smelled good. Is his sweat naturally fragrant?I looked at his eyebrows. I remembered the time I drew omarker. I thickened his eyebrows. My hand instinctively touch his face. I used my finger to trace the shape of his My finger moved down to his nose and then to his lips. Hredder and thinner than mine. How many people has he kremove my finger from his lips. They were so soft, like h balm.I suddenly felt a pang of sadness and pain in my heart. Wwhat he's been through, I feel so sad. I wish I could've beduring those times. I would've been there for him.I used my hands to prop up my cheeks so I could look at closely. My gaze stopped at his eyelids.I remembered his gaze—the one that could kill you, the ofeel like you'd have a heart attack if he stared at you for t

 And I didn't know that when I finally felt this, I'd end up else."...I don't think I can handle it if you leave me," I added.I looked at his lips, and it was like I was magnetically draslowly leaned closer to him. You're asleep, so you won't Just a little closer, and there would be no space between suddenly stopped.I noticed his lips were moving slightly. I stared at them a pouting.Are you awake?"Keifer," I called him.I waited to see if he'd move, but he didn't. I looked at hisweren't moving anymore. I stared at him for a long time my suspicion."If you will kiss me... Do it now," he said, his voice hoarI smiled and immediately slapped his arm hard. He openglared at me."You jerk! What are you doing here?" I whispered angril

 "I just... miss you," he said, almost in a whisper.I couldn't help but smile at what he said. If only he knewEven though we see each other every day, it still feels lik"I miss you too," I said.He smiled at me and hugged me. "Please... just for tonigh passionately."I let out a small laugh. He sounded like he was begging. something when we suddenly heard rustling outside.It was as if someone was walking around. Keifer immedifrom me and gestured for silence with his finger. I noddeHe slightly unzipped the tent and peeked outside. He staywhile, making me uneasy—was there really someone wacampsite?But who?Suddenly, Keifer unzipped the tent completely and steppon his slippers and walked towards Yuri's hammock.It was like he was looking for something, but when he foquickly came back."ThtYiH'tihihkdhih

 "I'm coming with you," I said, but he quickly shook his h"...I'm coming with you," I insisted."Jay-jay...""Come on," I pushed.Even though he was reluctant, he had no choice but to agdeep sigh.I put my phone back in my bag and grabbed a hooded jaWhere were we going to follow Yuri? We had no idea.

 Chapter 182: BridgeJay-jay's POVEach step was light, like a ninja, making sure no one wouthe dark and among the plants, ensuring no one would no"What are you doing?" the King asked me.I looked at him beside me. He was standing where anyonhim, while I remained hidden like a ninja."Don't stand there. Someone might see you." Camouflag"Jay... it's midnight. Everyone's asleep."He had a point. Who would be awake at this hour—exceon earth was that Yuri going?We looked down the hall and saw a small light. It seemesmall flashlight, reflecting off something glass-like.The light moved, and that's when we realized what it wasfrom Yuri's phone, which he was using to illuminate his preflection had come from his glasses.

 Yuri headed toward the back of the hall, so we followed.one place he could be going—the fishpond, where a bridgazebo in the middle.I wasn't wrong. Before we could get any closer, we saw YI glanced at Keifer, but he showed no reaction. He quick place where we could hide nearby.He forced me to crouch in the thick bushes while he stoolooked at Yuri, but he and Ella weren't saying anything."What do you want?" Yuri finally broke the silence."...Does Aries know about this?"Ella shook her head. "I-I just really wanted to talk to youFor what?!"Yurideserves to know the truth."    —Ella (Chapter 174)Is this what she and Mica were talking about in the bathrthey'd meet. So this was it. But what truth? What was it aA mix of worry and fear filled me. My mind was torn—stheirconversation?Alargepartofmesaidtoleaveandn

 You should be asleep!"Yuri!" Ella suddenly yelled. "...Listen to me. You need tYuri didn't speak and simply waited for her to continue. Ehead several times, fidgeting with her fingers, clearly res"Do you really love Jay-Jay now?" she asked.W-wait!Yuri sighed and visibly held back his frustration. He let olaugh."You asked me to meet you for that?""Please answer me," Ella pleaded."Yes, I do!" Yuri replied proudly.I looked at Keifer, but he was focused on them. Even thowas on them, he couldn't hide the way he clenched his fis"...If that's all you had to say, I'm leaving," Yuri added, tuaway."Yuri!" Ella called out again, tears now streaming down sorry."

 "Your mom talked to me. She told me to stay away from wouldn't allow us to have a relationship," she explained w"I-I don't understand," Yuri said, confused."She said I wasn't good enough for you. She told me thatyou alone, my family would never be able to set foot in Kscared... I was really scared, Yuri.""I don't get it! Cut to the chase, Ella!" Yuri yelled angrily"You were the one I really loved, not Keifer!"Sh*t!It felt like someone had punched me in the chest. My heaSlowly, I looked at Keifer. He had turned his back on thethe tree with his head lowered.I couldn't see his expression clearly, but I could feel his awere still tightly clenched. I wanted to approach him, to  but what could I say? Now I understood the depth of his hatred for Yuri.I looked back at them. No one spoke. Ella continued cryivisibly shocked.Tht'hTht'hEllddh

 "Usotsuki!"   Yuri suddenly yelled. "Liar!"(A/N: Usotsuki = Liar)I didn't understand what he said. Even Ella seemed confuYuri ran his fingers through his hair repeatedly, pacing incompletely lost.He took off his glasses and held his forehead."I-I don't understand... Yuri."Yuri stepped closer and pointed at her. "Urusai!"(A/N: Urusai = Shut up)"I don't understand!" Ella shouted back.You're not the only one! I think he's cursing at you!Yuri took a deep breath, trying to calm himself. He covermultiple times.

 "So you chose to hurt me?" Yuri exhaled deeply. "...Do yyou?""It's the truth... Keifer knows it too. Your mom talked to him on the same day he beat you up."I automatically looked at Keifer. This time, he was starindirection, hands in his pockets, deep in thought."You knew?" I whispered."I don't want to talk about it," he quickly replied, sighingThen, I suddenly remembered my conversation with Ci-Nhad ever seen Keifer truly angry.---  Flashback    ---"Ci..." I called the little brat."Hm?" he answered while eating his ice cream."Have you ever seen Keifer angry? Like, really, really anSincehehadbeenwithKeiferlongerIcouldn'thelpbut

 "We didn't know why. He was just furious, punching Yurcrying, trying to stop them."(See Chapter 134: Anger)---  End ofFlashback    ---That was the real reason. Keifer was furious because Ellahim. Because she always chose Yuri.I don't think I can listen anymore. I want to leave, but myI looked at them again when Ella suddenly screamed Yur"Enough!" Yuri shouted.I didn't understand myself. It felt like my heart was achinthem. Seeing how much the past still affected them.Because it shouldn't matter anymore."Answer my question! Why are you only telling me this angrily."Because... Because I can't hide it from you anymore. I whopingyouwouldtalktomeagainIwaitedforthat"sh

 "...It hurts so much." He pointed at his heart. "...I changea different person, hoping that you would choose me toodidn't. Because then, you wanted Aries!""I'm sorry, Yuri.""Sorry?" He let out a bitter laugh. "...Did your sorry chanElla tried to step closer to him, but he quickly moved aw"Yuri... Please.""Why? Ella, WHY?!" Yuri shouted again, his tears fallin"...Why didn't you fight for me?"My tears fell on their own. I couldn't stop myself from fewords. I also couldn't understand why he even had to askDo you still love him?"Jay..." Keifer called my name.I quickly wiped my tears away. I took a deep breath to eamy chest. Then, I looked at him and forced a smile.Keifer took a deep breath and turned back to face Ella. I and his posture straighten. My heartbeat sped up, and I alook at them. I hoped I was wrong about what I was think

 Yuri and Ella immediately pulled away from each other. turned to Aries. His face was filled with rage as he slowlthem.I quickly stepped out from where I had been hiding. I hadforgotten that they didn't know I was here.Yuri looked at me in confusion. "Jay?""What is this?!" Aries asked angrily, making all of us turhim. "...What is this, Ella?!"Fear was evident on Ella's face. "A-Aries... B-because...""Explain yourself, NOW!"Even I felt scared. I had never seen him this angry beforeterrifying.They really are all the same!"Aries... I-I was just telling him the truth." Ella explainedagain."What for?" Aries briefly glanced at Yuri before looking you still have feelings for him?"Ella didn't say a word. Even I was waiting for her answerfidthit

 through his hair."You told me before. You explained to me—made it cleawould forget your feelings for him," Aries said calmly, p"...Then what the fvck is this?""Aries..." Ella continued sobbing."You begged me. You asked me to save you from Keifer want to end up like Freya... I gave you what you wanted happy." Aries suddenly started crying.It hurt me even more to see him like this. It hurt more thaKeifer cry. He was still my blood relative, and we were ocouldn't help but be affected."...In exchange for our deal that you would stay away froguys! That you would forget about Keifer, and most of aYuri!" He took a deep breath. "...But what is this?!"Ella collapsed to the ground, sobbing uncontrollably. Sheand was barely able to breathe. Aries turned his gaze to Yhesitation, punched him.I was shocked by what he did and immediately rushed toYuri fell to the ground, and Aries was about to punch himstepped in between them.

 Damn it! Keifer! I quickly looked at the tree where he wastill there, just watching as if it was an intense scene in a"Keifer! Stop them!" I ordered.He didn't react or move closer. I thought he was going to but instead, he suddenly punched Aries. Aries fell hard aconsciousness.What the hell?! I said to stop them, not join in!"Aries!" Ella screamed and ran toward him.I was about to yell at her, but I stopped. Keifer and Yuri weach other, exchanging sharp glares, as if they were aboutoo."You knew... But you didn't tell me." Yuri spoke calmly."For what? Why would I tell you?"Keifer's tone was almost taunting. I wanted to step betweafraid I'd get caught in the middle too. I might end up fueeven more."What did Hahaoya say to you?"Keifer took a deep breath. I knew he didn't want to answYi'thhtitf?

 I immediately ran over to them. "Aries.""Jay... H-he's not waking up." Ella sobbed.I looked at Keifer. Was his punch really that strong to kn"...He said he couldn't breathe, then he lost consciousnesI felt a wave of panic. I didn't know what Aries' conditionhe had lung problems."Keifer... Help us," I pleaded.Keifer didn't say a word. He simply lifted Aries onto his strength. We assisted him, and we quickly headed to the Unlike us, who were sleeping in tents, they had actual rowalls, doors, windows, and air conditioning.This is totally unfair!Before I could complain about their accommodations, El banging on the door loudly. She banged so hard it was aswith someone inside.I bet they could hear her from the next room too."Help us!" she yelled.

 I stopped at the door. Aries was going to be okay. They whelp. I wasn't needed here anymore.I turned and ran back to the fishpond. I tried to think abogone. He didn't head toward our site—he turned somewhShit! HE WENT INTO THE FOREST!I sprinted in the direction he had taken. It was dark, and Ianything, but I had to find him. He was alone, with no onBut where was he?!"YURI!" I shouted, but only my echo answered back."YURI! ANSWER ME!"I still didn't hear any response from him. I kept walking.  path clearly, so I almost tripped.Then, I saw something glowing. I quickly ran toward it, tYuri, but it was just a cellphone. I picked it up and checkIt was Yuri's phone!I was on the right path! He had passed through here. He h"YURI!" I yelled again.

 Chapter 183: A.M.Jay-jay's POV"YU----Aray!" I suddenly tripped.So unlucky!I stood up, dusted off my clothes, and did the same with around again. Am I lost?!I took Yuri's phone from my pocket and checked the timewas drawn to his wallpaper. It was a picture of the two olooking at the camera, while he was smiling brightly.It looks like this was taken in the classroom. He was sittifrom the angle and how I looked, it seemed like we weretook it.I smiled, but at the same time, tears started falling. I suddlike a child, sitting down and hugging my knees.I'm scared! I'm scared I might never see Yuri's smile agai"Where are you?!" I cried, continuing to sob.

 "Damn it!" I muttered angrily.I was about to resume searching when, just my luck, I stethe edge of a cliff and fell straight down.I immediately grabbed onto whatever I could.Thankfully, a large tree root saved me. My heart was poufelt like my soul had left my body.Shit! A near-death experience?!This is all Yuri's fault! Damn it! So much drama in life. Wwander into the forest?! He could've just stayed in the hacampsite.Unbelievable! Annoying!I struggled to pull myself up. Once I was in a safe positioMy frustration grew when I realized the cliff wasn't evenwas a small river below.I reached into my pocket to get Yuri's phone, but it was gI frantically patted down my entire body, but I couldn't feanywhere.Damn it!

 I carefully climbed down, gripping tightly onto roots anddark, so I had to move slowly.When I reached the bottom, I almost slipped because of tI immediately searched for Yuri's phone. This is an iPhonI finally found it in a pile of thick leaves. I picked it up analso checked the time—something I should have done ea2:46 AM.It's almost morning, yet I'm still here in the forest, searchDamn it!Once I find you, you're really in trouble— I stopped, stunned. There was a body lying on the other sI knew it was a person, even if I couldn't see clearly.Could it be Yuri?I ran toward it. I waded through the river, letting half my just to reach the figure.But when I got there, my hope shattered. It wasn't a perso

 My heart pounded faster. No matter how much I tried to kept falling.Standing in front of me now was the very person I had bemoments ago."Yuri..." I whispered and crossed the river again to wherestanding before.I hugged him tightly but pulled away when he let out a sh"S-sorry..." I said, scanning his whole body.His clothes were torn, and there was a piece of cloth wraarm. His face had scratches, and his glasses seemed to ha"What happened to you?" I asked, filled with concern."I-I fell... I heard your voice. I tried to find you, but this ito me," he explained.I started crying again. "Why do you keep wandering off?to be dramatic, why do it in the forest?! Do you know hosomeone here?!" I scolded.He scratched his head and gave me a sheepish smile. "Soyou'd follow me.""OfI'dfll!Eillfthth

 I scanned our surroundings. I wasn't familiar with this paMaybe if I followed the river, I'd find the falls where we swimming."Let's go this way," I said, pointing behind him.I walked ahead, assuming he would follow, but I stoppedstruggling to walk properly.He was limping. I quickly went back to support him."I-I'm fine," he said.Yeah, right."Who are you fooling?" I asked sarcastically.He chuckled slightly.I helped him walk, feeling his pain with each step.Then, I noticed a fallen tree. One of its branches, full of lan umbrella."Stay here," I told Yuri before approaching the tree.I checked if it could be used for shelter. Since one branchumbrella, it seemed good enough.

  No stars. It was possible. I hoped not! If we got sick, weharder time getting back."Let's hope it doesn't," he said, leaning against the fallen It was still dark.I suddenly remembered Yuri's phone. I took it from my jthing it didn't get wet earlier."Here's your phone," I said, handing it to him."Thanks."He pressed the button to light up the screen, and the glowrevealing his injuries more clearly.Scratches and bruises, and a forming black eye.I cupped his face, making him look at me. I couldn't help"Where did you fall? Why do you look like this?" I askedto shine light on the rest of his body."...You have so many wounds!"Aside from his arm, there were small cuts all over his arm"I-I'mokay"heinsistedforcingasmile

 "No. The rain might catch up with us. Besides, I want to sunrise."He nodded in acceptance of my response. I wondered whAries. I was worried about him. I didn't know if it was bewith Yuri that he lost consciousness or if it was Keif's puI DIDN'T EVEN SAY GOODBYE TO HIM!"Jay... are you okay?" Yuri asked when he noticed the suexpression.Fear and panic were evident in me. He was probably looknow. He was probably going crazy searching for me. WhI wanted to call him, but I didn't have my phone. I had leearlier, thinking we wouldn't need it. Besides, there was wouldn't be able to use Yuri's phone either.Damn it! So frustrating!Out of frustration, I leaned my head back against the logfor a moment, but before I knew it, I had fallen asleep.I woke up to the feeling of something dripping on my facmy eyes, I panicked upon seeing that it was raining. I turwas hugging himself from the cold."hdid'k?"kdhifiii

 I tried my best to keep him warm, but he was still shiverichoice but to hug him to share body heat.I gently rested his head against my neck. The rain kept pgrateful for the small shelter we found—otherwise, we wsoaked by now."Just hold on a little longer. We'll be back at the site soonHe didn't respond, so I had a strong feeling he had fallenwanted to sleep. I wanted to close my eyes. But I couldnthis.I fought off my drowsiness. Suddenly, Yuri's phone, whiclit up. The battery sign appeared, indicating that it was lotime. 4:36 AM.The sun would rise soon!"Jay..." Yuri whispered. "...Jay.""What?" I responded, thinking he was awake.I glanced at him slightly, but his eyes were still shut. It seeither talking in his sleep or delirious from the fever."I'll fight for you..." he whispered again, and I froze. "...Ilose again..." He buried his head into my neck.

 But it doesn't work that way.The heart is foolish—just as foolish as the human brain.  problems.You're almost perfect in every angle. Handsome, rich, smeven be considered a good boy. Yes, you have flaws, butcan be adjusted. But despite your perfection, I realized onI don't deserve you. Someone else better does.I looked up at the sky, noticing that it was gradually gettireached for Yuri's phone, but it had already shut down. I him up, but we had to go."Yuri..." I called, gently tapping him. "...Wake up."His body was still warm, meaning his fever hadn't gone dsoftly before slowly sitting up and opening his eyes."Let's go... The rain has stopped," I told him.I stood up first to help him. I don't know why, but he felt before. Maybe earlier, he was trying not to be a burden tohe had a fever, he could no longer hold back.We continued walking, but at a much slower pace than bcompletely brightened. I could clearly see the dirt on botdddh

 He smiled weakly at me. "I'll be fine... Just need some reI sat beside him, letting him rest his head on my shoulder breathing was something I could not only hear but also fI hope his condition doesn't get worse.Suddenly, I heard a stomach growl. He raised an eyebrow"I haven't eaten since last night," I said with a grin.He chuckled softly. "We'll eat when we get back."I nodded. Now my stomach was really making its hungerstayed here much longer, I might be the next one to get sYuri leaned back against my shoulder again. Silence filleus. I didn't want to bother him since he was resting."Did you know..." he suddenly broke the silence. "...Hahme to get sick," he said with a smile."Every mother is like that," I replied."But do all mothers do what she did?"I fell silent. I didn't know how to answer that since I had it with my own mom—except for when she interfered wiplans

 "...Because of their reputation, they never accepted my m being half-Filipino, her family wasn't well-known. It paimove she made was an embarrassment to the clan. And imore when she found out that she had a slim chance of cI continued listening to him. Even though he hadn't expehappened to his mother firsthand, I could tell that it still p"...So when I was conceived, she took extra care of me. Shouse to make sure I was safe. They said luck came to thwas born," he sighed deeply. "...So they became even mome. I'm a prince but was never put on the throne. I am thHanamitchi Clan.""Only? But you have a sister.""...Yoichi is adopted," he said, making me freeze."H-ha?""She was chosen to fill the gap in the family. They need into a pure bloodline of a well-known Yakuza clan. She'sshe comes from far away."Damn!My situation was already depressing, but it turns out it coShe's still so young, but there's already an arranged marr

 he didn't speak. he suddenly stood up and began walkingI followed him immediately to assist him.We kept walking, and I still hadn't heard a response fromwas hiding something from me.I could already hear the loud rush of water. That meant wwhere we were going to swim. I looked at Yuri and couldon his face.I immediately stopped. "Let's rest for a while. You mightfever."he didn't respond. he leaned against a tree with his eyes cwiping away sweat."We're almost there----""Jay," he cut me off. "I have something to confess to youI stared at him, waiting for what he was about to say. Sommaking my heart race. I started to tremble, but it wasn't b"I-it wasn't Tanda who arranged our marriage," he said, mthoughts even more confused. "Angelo refused when Tanarrangement. That old man doesn't believe in second chawas gone quickly..." he looked away and took a deep bre

 didn't like you, she forced it."Tears started falling on their own. "B-but you said beforestop the wedding. Y-you said they wanted it.""I-i lied to you. I'm sorry.""I don't understand... Why did you do that?""Because I love you and I can't lose to Keifer again."he answered quickly. "...I also want to save you from himI wiped my tears. A mix of emotions filled me, but mostlmyself. I couldn't understand why he had to be so selfishI shook my head and looked directly into his eyes. "No. T"No. Please don't say that.""You're just afraid of having your ego crushed!" I tried to"...You're just afraid of being humiliated again for the sam"No. It's not like that.""Okay! If you truly love me, why are you still affected bychallenged him.helookedawayanddidn'tanswerIwasright!hestillha

 Damn! I'm so stupid, Jay!I could only shake my head at what I learned. About themdamned marriage. It's driving me crazy!I heard voices talking nearby. I went silent and almost atYuri and I looked up, realizing they were close."People!" I almost shouted.I quickly ran, but stopped when I heard Yuri cry out in pamind that he couldn't walk properly.I assisted him and we slowly walked."HELP! THERE'S PEOPLE HERE!" I yelled so they couwhoever they were. "PLEASE HELP US!"The voices of the people grew louder, meaning they were breathed a sigh of relief at our situation.We were almost back. I wanted to eat and sleep."Here!" I heard someone shout.I was about to shout back when Yuri suddenly grabbed mEverything happened so fast.

 My heart stopped, and I felt like I had died without realizwould've been the end now.K-keifer.He was staring at us with a furious and angry gaze. His fso tightly, it seemed like he was ready to charge at us."K-keifer..." I said, about to approach him, but suddenly,to us and ran off quickly.Shit!I immediately chased after him and only then did I realizUlupongs. I stopped when they blocked my way."Jay! Finally... We found you," Felix said.I was still staring at Keifer. I had to chase him.I had to explain things to him."Go to Yuri! he's back there!" I said, pointing to where wI didn't wait to hear what they would say. I ran off to catcdidn't care about being tired or hungry anymore.I wasn't disappointed because I caught up with him standslowlyapproachedhim

 I wasn't sure if what he said was a good thing, but my feadominated me.

 Chapter 184: Wedding GowJay-jay's POVAfter the retreat ended unexpectedly. Due to what happeand the other students who were caught with alcohol andorganizers decided to end the retreat early.Aries and Yuri were rushed to the hospital. We left Campcomplete silence with the whole Section E. Even if somewe didn't discuss the chaos that happened. No one wanteThe retreat was supposed to last a week, but it was cut shdays, so the remaining days felt like a vacation.It's Saturday now, two days since Aries was hospitalized been ignoring Yuri's texts and calls. For two days, Keiferignoring me."Is that so?" I asked Keigan."Yeah... Sorry about that," he replied, forcing a smile. "..I'll call you immediately.""Okay. Thanks."

 Keigan's response to me yesterday was the same as todayhome yet, after leaving.' It's disheartening. I want to blamwhat's the point?I heard my cellphone ring. I pulled over to check it. A texfrom Kuya Angelo.From: Kuya Angelo.Message: 'Where are you? Come home.'I sighed. Kuya didn't know I left the house. He wasn't arodidn't ask for permission. I quickly pedaled back home. Kquite far from ours. I'm just a reckless bike rider. If it's jumore if it's a car?When I got home, a fancy car greeted me. Rich people! Cfor a moment before pushing my bike into Tita's garage.I went inside and only then did I realize who owned the cmom, and she was with who I assumed was their driver."Konnichiwa..." she greeted me with a smile and a bow.I bowed back because I remembered that's how they show"Konnichiwa.""Y'fillh"KAlddlidi

 "No. It's okay," Yuri's mom interjected. "...No need.""But—"But Jay-jay looks like a rag."We'll only be out for a short while, so it's fine," she cut oabout to say.Kuya had no choice but to agree. Yuri's mom smiled andapproached me and linked her arm with mine as if we weAre we close now, girl?"Shall we go?" she asked."S-sure," I replied hesitantly.She looked at Kuya Angelo and smiled. "We'll go ahead.We walked out, straight to their fancy car. I felt so out ofquiet the whole ride. I wanted to ask where we were goin bring myself to do it.What's really going on?"Is something wrong, Jay?" she broke the silence."N-nothing"

 Seriously? Are you mad?We reached the elevator. Luckily, it was already open, sowait."Sorry for rushing. We're already late," she said.Late for what?She pressed the button for the 20th floor. There were onlwith us, and they looked like foreigners. I didn't want to aside from feeling out of place—I REALLY FELT OUT didn't want to be rude either."H-how's Yuri?" I asked.Shit, Jay!Maybe I shouldn't have asked that. Stupid! Now she'll th been talking."He's okay... Fully recovered already," she replied.The elevator bell rang, and the door opened. Yuri's mom followed. A strange floor greeted me.There was a receptionist, and it looked like an office. Wewomen at the reception. They talked for a bit, and then w

 "You still look pretty," Gertrude said.Yuri's mom replied, "Thank you."Suddenly, Gertrude looked at me, so I forced a smile. Heas he scrutinized me from head to toe."Shinken ni? Kono shōjo?" (Seriously? This girl?) he sai just smiled.What the—?I felt like he insulted me. I didn't know how to react. If I look rude.Should I punch him and say it was an accident?"Yeah... She's pretty. Right?" Yuri's mom said and gesturcloser.I did and forced a smile at Gertrude. He just smirked andWhat's your problem?I don't have a problem with gay people, but now I might.anything to you, so why are you messing with me? I migI can't handle this."Whatever"hesaidsarcastically"Let'sgo"

 I felt a chill when I realized why we were here. I looked Yuri's mom, who were in front of me.They were happily chatting and laughing. They stopped opened a glass door labeled VIP. Yuri's mom entered firsGertrude.Did they leave me?!I pushed the door open and entered alone. The first thingcircular sofa set. It could probably fit 15 people. There wcurtain in front."Beautiful!" Gertrude called me sarcastically.As I approached him, he walked towards the curtain.Are we being rude now?!"Madam Yakito! She's here! Take a look!" he said exciteopened the curtain.In front of five rows of large mirrors, a dazzling white wcaught my eye. I was almost blinded."Oh my..." Yuri's mom said happily and immediately app"...Look at this! You did a great job."Ild'tbilfttlIhdtiT

 I can't.I can't be as happy as she is. After everything Yuri told mthat happened. I can't...A woman arrived and immediately approached the gownmannequin and gestured for me to come closer. Yuri's mothe curtain."Please remove your clothes," the woman said.I hesitated, looking at her. "A-all of it?""Just the top... including your undergarments."Son of a... I'm going topless?Reluctantly and slowly, I took off my T-shirt. I was abou but... damn!I stopped and looked at the woman pleadingly. "C-can I. before I take that off?"She smiled and nodded. The wedding gown, which lookecompeting with Marian Rivera's gown, was so hard to puit on up to my chest, I finally removed my bra.She adjusted the back and other parts. She also fixed my bbthi

 But slowly, my smile faded. Slowly, it dawned on me thamarry someone I don't love. I'm going to marry someoneSomeone I trusted. Someone I thought was just a victim  business."Don't you like it?"I was slightly startled. I quickly looked up and saw Yuri'sThe curtain was already open."I-I like it," I forced myself to say."That's great to hear," she said and turned to the woman wdress. "...Leave us for a moment."The woman nodded and walked away. She left my clothe before leaving.Yuri's mom stood in front of me and took out her phone. buttons before pointing the camera at me."Smile," she said, and I smiled. "...I'll send this to Yuri."She pressed a few more buttons before her phone chimedslightly before facing me."He asked if you can go straight to the altar now," she asIlhdltittlkfkShlkdt

 "...but I love my son so much, and I'm willing to sacrificesaid sadly. "...The whole Hanamitchi clan doesn't like memoment I married Yumori, I've been trying to prove that  part of their family, but... they never accepted me."Y-Yuri mentioned that to me.She forced a smile and tucked my hair behind my ear."I thought it would be like that forever. But when Yuri caclan thanked me. To them, he was lucky. He was born at family business was declining."Honestly, I don't understand why she's telling me this. Buand listened."Smart, cheerful, and obedient. That's my Yuri... I gave hthough he wasn't asking for it. From the start, he didn't ggrandfather, but he never backed down to prove himself.I wanted to ask why she interfered with Yuri's wishes. WElla. But I held my tongue, as if it didn't want to coopera"I also treated his friends like my own children, especiallthe closest to him, even though I was against their frienddeep breath, and that's when I saw her tears forming. "...bintroduced me to Ella, everything changed."

 Even though I wasn't sure, I hugged her and let her cry ocould feel her pain over what happened to Yuri."Please..." she said while still crying. "...love my son."Damn!Ask for something else. Not that, not to love him."...I can't bear to see him miserable again. I beg you... LoI started crying too. I hugged her tightly. I wanted to do wasking. I want to, I really want to!But I can't!I love someone else, and no matter what I do, it's him I wKeifer.++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++David's POV["She's okay... In a few weeks, she can go home."] Percyline."Are you going with her?"

 I bowed my head. "Y-yeah."He ended the call. I looked at the gate of their house. Jaydidn't ask me to come here, but I really wanted to.And see her.The gate opened, so I quickly got in the car. I didn't wantI wasn't disappointed in my wait. Jay-jay came out of thegarbage bag.She placed it in front of their gate, next to some sacks of about to go back inside when Angelo suddenly came outscolding her. She just bowed her head, but after her cousface and mimicked what her Kuya was saying.She's really mischievous.I just laughed. That was enough, so I started the car and lI don't exactly know what I'm doing. I'm head over heels but when I got close to Jay-jay, I suddenly got confused.worse because of my agreement with Percy.If I hadn't agreed, maybe this wouldn't have happened.*Flashback...*MftitithflW'bitihi

 "Eat something, son. I'll buy you something. What do yoCheon's dad, offered.I immediately stood up. "No, it's fine. I'll buy it myself."He smiled at me and let me go. I know they're worried abCheon was brought back to the hospital, I haven't gone heating well either.I walked away. I wasn't myself and was just staring blankleave. I'm afraid of what might happen while I'm gone. I okay when she was taken to Hong Kong, but it didn't helI kept walking when I bumped into someone. I immediatand apologized."S-sorry," I said. "...I didn't mean to."He was staring at me as if he recognized me. He had bluehe looked Filipino."It's okay," he replied.I went back to walking and headed straight to the hospitathough I had no appetite, I forced myself to eat. I didn't wone to get sick.After eating, Tita texted me. The operation was over, andlkhhidbkdfdidiif

 Tita sat down, but I remained standing. The doctor took o pressed a few buttons before showing it to us. It was a viultrasound."The operation wasn't successful. We don't want to take thole in her heart is too big, along with the swelling of somI didn't let him finish. I immediately left his office. I punof frustration."Tsk! Don't take it out on the wall."I froze at the voice. I immediately looked at him angrily.eyed guy I bumped into earlier."What do you care?!" I asked irritably.Why is he meddling? I don't know him, and he doesn't kn"David Brewer," he said, stopping me. "...Former presideH-how did...?"D-do I know you?"He smiled at me, and honestly, I was so confused. I don'tnot a student of HVIS—I know. Somehow, he looks arou"Maybeyou'veheardthenamePercyReyCollins?"he

 I didn't shake his hand. My mind became even more tangunderstand why he approached me. He retracted his handsmiling."Well... I won't beat around the bush. I would like to offe"E-excuse me? A job?""Yes... A job." He repeated. "...We can talk about this nowtime?"I shook my head at what he was saying. "Look... Mr. Whdon't know you. The Percy I knew is dead, and I'm not inoffer. Now, if you'll excuse me----.""I can help Ms. Cheon Sa Kim." He interrupted what I wI was even more confused about what was going on. Howgirlfriend's full name? And what kind of help was he talk"...Her operation wasn't successful. Other hospitals won'tanymore because it's too risky and they don't want to ruinHe continued. "...The only thing you can do is take her toher family can't afford it."Crap!How did he know all that? The doctors had been insistingkfhilbhld'ffdh

 "How can I be sure that you're telling the truth?" I asked,whispering.He smiled widely. "Let me explain it to you."He walked to a room. I just followed until we stopped in He sat on the bed and started explaining. He even showe proof of what he was saying.He also explained why he was doing this. I was starting teven though I didn't really trust him."...I have only one rule," he said after explaining my job.her."I tried to hide my reaction. How? How can I do that? Whstart, I already feel something else?But Cheon needs me now. So, despite having many ques"I accept your offer."  End ofFlashback... Now here I am. So freaking confused about my feelings.feeling this way. I love Cheon, that's why I'm making sacBut when I'm with Jay-jay, my heart beats differently.

 Chapter 185: ComplicatedJay-jay's POV"Love my son."Damn it! It feels like a broken record in my head, what YSeriously?! She's the one asking me to love her child. It'smore confused. The worst part is, Keifer still isn't answercome home yet. I'm starting to get worried. My mind is aIt's like a mess, a mix of everything.I heard a knock on the door. I was about to open it, but itand Tita Gema walked in.She looked anxious and confused. She broke the door an"Tita?""Jay... uhmm... W-what... I... Uh..." she stammered.I didn't know what the problem was. It was obvious she wsomething. She looked like she was holding something intrying to hold in a fart.

  No matter the reason she was here, I was so happy to seesmile faded slowly when I saw how anxious Tita Gema s"T-Tita Gema.""She's with your Mom... and... her fiancé."It felt like the sky fell on me. Really now? Now? Why no Nice!"Tita... I don't feel well. I-I'm not coming out of my roomquickly lying down on my bed and covering myself withTita Gema sat next to me and gently shook me. "No, youto face your Mom."I angrily threw the blanket off and gave her a pleading loI didn't want to see her, especially now with everything Ithrough."I don't want to.""Jay-jay... They're staying here too, so you'll see them."What kind of day is it today? Is it a day for bad luck? If oannoying!

 "I miss you too, Apo," she replied and hugged me tighter"How sweet... I wish you would hug your Mom like thatThe happiness in my heart died instantly when I heard thwant to break my hug with Lola, but to be honest, I wasnSlowly, I turned to her. She was smiling at me. A smile I smile that I wanted to wipe off her face."Jay-jay, dear..." she called me while waiting for a hug."...Mom's waiting."Well, let her wait.I looked at Lola and Tita Gema. My brother was signalinMom. I had no choice but to hug her.The first thing I noticed was the perfume she was wearinfrom what I remembered. Maybe it had been so long sincthat I couldn't recall it.If you look at her, it seemed like she didn't change. She aeven younger and more beautiful. Now I could see how malike.I tried to pull away from her. I didn't know why, but I coulthIikltbktTitG'id

 "It's fine too."I knew she was waiting for me to share, but I didn't wantsay anything to her. Silence filled the room.Suddenly, a man walked in through the door. All our attehim. He was holding a paper bag."Hon!" Mom called out and led him toward us. "...This isWhat?! Why like this?!My heart was pounding. I felt scared even though there wI grabbed onto Tita. I knew she could feel my shivering.The man smiled and handed me the paper bag. "For you. No!I looked at Tita, as if asking, 'Should I accept it?'She held my hand and nodded.Slowly, I reached out and took the bag from him.Mom smiled broadly when she saw me accept it. I didn't was inside; I just returned to Tita's side."Jay-jayThisisgoingtobeyourDadWe'regettingma

 "Jay-jay." My brother called. "...He's trying to get to knoThere was authority in my brother's voice. I didn't realizealready come close to me. She grabbed both of my arms me toward Andy."Mom..." I called to stop her, but she wouldn't listen.She stopped me right in front of Andy. He looked at me wI couldn't help it. This was me now. I had no choice."Say hello to your Uncle Andy properly," Mom ordered.Why me?! You could've done it yourself. Like—here's Jayou can both get along now.I looked at Mom, and I could see her annoyance. I guess irritating her, but what could I do? I was terrified.I couldn't stay here stubbornly. No choice."I'm Jay-jay... Thank you for this," I said, almost in a wh"You're welcome... Just let me know if you need anythin"S-sure."He smiled at me and reached his hand out to pat my arm.

 Tita rushed to my side and helped me. "Are you okay?"I couldn't answer. I dropped the paper bag I was holding myself. My gaze was all over the place.I didn't understand why, but the fear I was feeling was di"I... What's happening to you?" Lola asked me."Mom! Please take Jay-jay to her room!" My brother ordTita Gema helped me to my room. Even though we werefeeling didn't change. When we got inside, Tita immediasat on the bed, staring into space."Are you okay? What happened? Is there something hurtremember anything?" She asked one after the other.I just shook my head, still staring into space. Even thoug by her questions, fear was the dominant feeling in me.I knew I had felt this before, but I didn't know where.It's strange! So strange. It felt like a scared child, afraid oa parent."...Jay-jay. Please talk to me," Tita pleaded. "...Tell me wI'mscared

 him!""Jeana... Please understand Jay-jay," Tita Gema replied.Mom turned her angry gaze at Tita. "Understand?! She hfront of us! You want me to understand that?!""The girl is going through something!" Tita insisted. "... like that!""Don't lecture me about my daughter !""I'm not lecturing you!"Tita and Mom kept arguing. I couldn't stop myself from twas seeing. Why was it that the one who wasn't my momunderstood me? Why?"Can you step out for a moment? I just need to talk to myMom said."I'm sorry, but I'm not leaving Jay-jay," Tita said firmly.Mom sighed, and I could see her sharp glare. Instead of rlightly pushed Tita aside to get closer to me. She sat in fr"Jay... my child." She said calmly. "...You need to accept We'remarriednowandyou'lllivewithusevenifit'sjus

 As my tears fell, my anger toward her flared up."Can you leave my room?" I softly pleaded."Jay-jay," Tita Gema called me.I looked at Mom and saw her shock at my words.I didn't want to be rude, especially to her, but I was truly everything."Leave. I'm talking to you.""W-Why are you talking to me like that?!" she angrily asthey're teaching you here?!""Don't ask anymore! Just leave!" I shouted."Jay-jay!" Tita Gema scolded me, but I didn't back down"Don't shout at me! Maybe you've forgotten who I am!"I stared right back at her. "I know! But if you don't leavewho you really are!"Though it pained her, she left my room. When the door cfreely. Tita quickly sat next to me and embraced me."SsshhhJay-jay"Titasaidstrokingmybackandhair

 It was late afternoon when I woke up. I didn't want to getstarted to hurt. I listened to the voices downstairs.They were still there!My shoulders slumped as I headed for the bathroom. I delonger shower than usual. It felt heavy being with her in I didn't know why I felt this way. I used to be so excited especially when I was in the hospital. That was when I reit is to hope for something that never comes. The longer the less I hoped for anything from her.It hurt when people came by and said that Mom was in th because her enemies had her arrested. I stopped going beto see her in that state. When people asked about her, I co because I hadn't seen her. Slowly, it crept into my mind tknow her anymore.I didn't know my own mother. I only knew her name, and"Mom" felt forced.As the water from the shower fell, so did my tears.It was frustrating! I didn't want to cry. It was exhausting,me feel weak.I bowed my head, trying to stop myself from crying loud

 with me.And the most painful part for me was when she visited thmyself not to hope anymore, but when Lola texted me, I didn't even go to my last class just to see her. Then whenalready gone.It felt like she was avoiding me. Like she didn't want to sday, I stopped believing she would ever show up for me.that my own mother was pulling away from me and avoiI sat down on the floor, feeling weak in the knees. I didnloud because they would hear me and worry. Each breathwas being suffocated.Why is this happening to me? What did I do wrong?I don't have a father anymore, so why do I also have to loWhy do I have to feel love from other people, people I ne part of my life? Stupid snakes!I tried to calm myself down. I had been in the water for tknew Tita would be knocking soon to wake me up.I quickly dried myself off and got ready. When I opened irritation grew when I saw Mom. She was rummaging th"hdi?"kdil

 "Does it look good?" she asked.I couldn't say "no" because, in truth, it looked better on hand had a beautiful figure. No wonder so many men still "Is that the only reason you're here?" I asked, halting herShe smiled tightly, though it looked fake. "I'm choosing our family dinner."Family dinner?"We're a family now?" I asked sarcastically.Her look at me became sharp. Maybe it was because of hI must have inherited her attitude too. She wasn't fake; wshe was angry. When she didn't like something, she didnshe wanted to fight, she was ready.She lowered the dress on the bed and slowly approachedright in front of me, not taking her eyes off me."Jay-jay... I'm trying to make up for my mistakes with yome too far, even though you're 17, I'll still discipline youhow. Do you understand?" she said softly.I didn't respond. I stared back at her. I didn't want to arguwant to lose the little respect I had left for her.

 She didn't wait for my response. As I turned around, she and left my room. Nice! She was really going to force things.I tossed the t-shirt I was holding onto the bed in frustratiowouldn't stay here. I collapsed onto the bed, staring at theI wanted to look at Mom's face, but a huge part of me felI saw her. She still looked so young. After all, she was on pregnant with Kuya, and 17 when she had me.She was only 34!That's why she still looked so good. I let out a deep sigh.wasn't the reunion I had expected.Someone knocked on my door, so I quickly stood up. Thopened, and Andy—Mom's new husband—walked in.My brows immediately furrowed. Just his presence was dwant him in the house."H-hi..." he greeted awkwardly. "...Can I come in?""If I say 'no,' are you still coming in?" I asked sarcasticalHe chuckled awkwardly. "I just wanted to ask... what wodi?W'llhitdlid"

 He looked confused. Maybe he didn't understand the worlearned it from Ci-N. It was derived from "eat," meaningcan eat."Alright... I'll just tell your mom," he said.I thought he was leaving, but he stood there by the door. trying to signal that he should leave. But he didn't move,say something else."Do you need anything?" I asked.He sighed and looked down. "Look... I know you're unco —""At least you know," I interrupted, pretending to be pleasHe seemed to lose his shyness, and I could tell he was geHe stared at me. This was the moment I was waiting for.and say something?Let's see... Andy!"I'm trying to understand your situation here. I don't wanlike me as your father, but please learn the word 'respect.I grimaced. Was that it? Was he really angry? I knew therdItdtit

 "We'll call you when dinner is ready," he said, and then lI knew I would be scolded for what I just did. I guess I'll myself, especially for what Kuya Angelo will say. They wme, but that's okay.I'll get my ears ready!

 Chapter 186: Fiancé vs. boJay-jay's POVI waited. I waited for someone to scold me for what I did blame me, but no one did. Not a single one of them did tas I watched them while setting the dining table. Lola wachatting with Andy, the annoying one. I'm recording this"Jay-jay!" Tita Gema called me. "...help your Mom in theI reluctantly nodded. "O-okay."Almost at the same time, Andy and I headed to the kitcheahead, and Mama immediately greeted him with a kiss.Suddenly, I felt disgusted by the word "kiss." Yuck!!!"Jay... my child. Please take this," Mama instructed.She was smiling at me while pointing to a large bowl fillglared at her before taking it and heading straight to the dWhen I looked up, I almost dropped the bowl in shock. H"Hi..."Yurigreetedmeawkwardly.

 Truthfully, I'm still upset with him . After he revealed thawho set up the wedding—I mean, the marriage. I don't knganged up on me. I was already worried about Mama, anto it. Great job! Let's give him a round of applause!"And who is this handsome young man?" Mama asked flYuri smiled from ear to ear. Wow! Handsome—like the fhandsome. I'm mad at him, so I shouldn't compliment him"Good evening. I'm Yuri Hanamitchi," he introduced himthe bouquet to Mama. "...this is for you."Mama quickly accepted it. She was even giggling while flowers.Wow!"So you're the one marrying my child," Mama said to Yu"...you can call me Mama too."It felt strange when she said that. A different kind of "Masomeone clear their throat and turned to see Andy standi"Oh! This is my fiancé, Andy Estrada," Mama introducedYuri extended his hand, and Andy hesitated before shakiSddlIfltiiibltthAIht?N

 Damn it!I was starting to regret it. Why did I let Yuri kiss me that make sure we were okay before going our separate waysI felt someone's presence behind me. I slightly turned andup at the sky too. I took a deep breath."What are you doing here?" I asked Yuri."I'm keeping you company—""Not here!" I snapped, pointing to the road. "...here, in ouhome!"He slightly bowed his head. "Angelo texted me. He said to your Mom."I didn't say anything. I looked up again, feeling the windquiet surroundings somewhat cleared my mind.he was holding a broom."Your Mom..." Yuri broke the silence. "...she looks like yI looked at him, pretending to be amazed. "Really? I didnInstead of getting annoyed, he just laughed at me. I said tnottomakehimhappyObviouslyI'mherchildandma

 "Yeah... Like us now, if you go through with the weddingsarcastically.he chuckled slightly. "I'm not going to get you pregnant rDamn it!I suddenly felt chills after he said the word "pregnant." Cshould've used a different word. This person is somethinI glared at him. "Tsk! Just go inside!""Why?""I don't want you around... Go inside."His face turned serious, with a hint of sadness. "Jay-jay..mad at me. I can't change that. But I will still apologize."I covered my face with my hand before moving it to my deep breath to ease the heaviness in my chest, even just ato get completely angry at him."If you don't realize it, I'll explain it to you... If you hadnwedding, we wouldn't be like this. I wouldn't be confusedimportantly, I wouldn't have hurt you," I explained calmlI should've been inside eating by now.

 happiness too..."I looked down. "...but I guess I'm not the one who can giIf only you knew how much I want to love you the way yBut I can't force myself. I can't command my heart. Everit into my mind, Keifer is the first one who pops up. Wav"tss" in my brain.Overflowing with lust, flirtation, and handsomeness, holhand and a cigarette in the other. Wearing red boxers wit —Wait!Why am I even thinking about that?!"I understand... But there's no turning back. I won't take up, and I won't let you end up with Keifer," he said serioMy mouth hung open. My tongue retreated again, unablenever cooperate when I have so much to say. Enough, Yu"Jay-jay? Yuri?" Mama called from the gate.Yuri looked at her while I remained still, not moving an i"Come inside... Let's eat," Mama invited us."OkayYougoaheadwe'llfollow"Yurireplied

 I just shook my head. Things were already confusing, anworse. I stomped inside, leaving him outside. I knew he'dOr maybe not!I went straight to Tita Gema's dining area where I could hand conversation. There were many empty seats, but the had a prepared plate.I didn't want to sit beside her, so I sat next to Lola. Thereutensils prepared there. Lola looked at me curiously, but "Jay-jay... Sit here beside me," Mama instructed."I'll stay here... I prefer sitting next to Lola," I answered She just smiled. I knew their eyes were on me, but I chosEspecially Kuya Angelo's gaze.I might die!Yuri also sat beside Lola, where I was supposed to sit ondidn't look at him and focused on the table. A maid gaveutensils."Let's pray first..." Lola said, leading the prayer.We followed and started praying. After that, they began etittthhdliifdif

 They all looked at me. I had no idea who that person waswhat their deal was for coming to see me at this hour."Were you expecting a visitor?" Tita Gema asked me.I wasn't. I shook my head."Who is it?" Kuya asked the maid."he... he doesn't want to say," the maid replied."Go ahead, Jay. It might be important," Lola instructed.Yuri stood up with me. I looked at him in confusion. I dinow the Jay-jay of the moment."I'll come with you," he said."No... I'll go alone," I replied without enthusiasm.I didn't wait for his response. I left and headed straight outhoughts were running through my mind as I walked.It felt weird.When I stepped outside the gate, I froze. It felt like everystopped. Even time seemed to stand still—in my mind, aAlmostfourdaysAlmostfourdaysofhimnotanswerin

 I wanted to scream at him and curse him. I wanted to punI wanted to be angry at him for making me worry. So mathrough my mind. I thought his Dad had hurt him.But my tongue tied under his gaze. Almost four days felt passed. I had so many questions for him. Why did he dishe show up? Why didn't he even call me? But out of all mwas the only one that came out of my mouth."H-have you e-eaten yet?"He chuckled slightly and walked closer to me."W-why—?"Oh no!I didn't get to finish my question. He grabbed my hand anto him. I stumbled into his chest in surprise. He hugged m"I miss you..." he whispered.I closed my eyes, savoring every word he said. His voicemy ears. My hands and arms instinctively wrapped arounthe tightness of his embrace as if making up for the days "I miss you more," I whispered.AhlidhitfillhdI

 "London. England. United Kingdom," he clarified."W-what were you doing there?""I met up with my cousin," he answered seriously."Can you explain it properly?" I pleaded.It was like one question, one answer. We wouldn't get anWe might finish this conversation by tomorrow."It's about Kaizer, my Dad. I visited my cousin and otherthat one of them could help me..." He took a deep breathwant to help. They don't care about us anymore."So that's why he wasn't responding. He must've been strumess between him and his Dad. Even I would have a harsituation."W-why wouldn't they help?" I asked with concern.They're family; they should help each other. Now that Kguardian by his side, they should support him."That's the problem with the Watsons. If there's nothing ihave no reason to care..." He smiled, but it was bitter. "..anything from me, so they don't want to help."IlkddHd'thMdhd

 "W-why didn't you at least text me?" I changed the subjeworried about you."He held my hand. "I had to do that to stay longer in Londtext or heard your voice, I would've come back immediatI didn't know if I should be happy about what he said. I thmad at me, which was why he avoided me, but it turned of a family matter.You're overthinking, Jay!"Did you just get back?" I asked while observing him.He looked tired. Like he had done so much. He also look because of his eyes."Yeah... I came straight here because I wanted to see yousmiled.Wow..."You're crazy... You should've rested first. We have schoo"Let's not go to school yet."I frowned at what he said. It seemed like he was losing hwas saying all sorts of things. It was like he wasn't in his

 "No. Tomorrow. Please..." he pleaded. "...I'll take you to I'd love that!It's so hard to refuse him. He brought my hand, which hehis lips. He kissed the back of my palm and my fingers."But Keifer... Kuya might find out," I reasoned, and he lo"Please, Jay... I really miss you so much."I bit my lower lip. I glanced at the house for a moment. Igo with him, but I was also scared of Kuya. The day he wa date was a school day. I didn't want to disappoint him eKeifer kept kissing my hand, and I felt like that was his wme. A mischievous smile spread across his face. I wantedso..."Okay. Let's go on a date tomorrow," I whispered to himHe smiled and was about to touch my cheek, but he suddthe gate and stopped. I immediately looked there too, afrAngelo might have seen us, but it wasn't him."So you're back," Yuri said in a bored tone.Did he know?

 I didn't know if he was doing this on purpose. What if thfighting right here in front of the house? If that happenedwould find out everything. I'd be in big trouble!"Yuri! Have you seen Jay-jay?" Mama's voice called outThe idiot still wouldn't let go of my hand. I felt like a chia toy from him. My hand was almost slipping from how  but he just wouldn't let go."Yuri... Where's—?" Mama stopped mid-question.She looked shocked when she saw our hands. Even I wasus. Yuri had no reaction and stayed silent.Let go, dude!"Jay-jay," Mama called my name, as if ordering me to ex"Keifer..." I whispered. "...let go. That's my Mom in fronHe looked at me before finally releasing my hand. I walkwho was giving me a strange look."Good evening," Keifer greeted Mama and walked close jay's...?""Mother," Mama answered curtly.

 Mama took his hand, and the TRAITOROUS KING imm back of her hand. He didn't take his eyes off Mama, as ifwith compliments.Her cheeks turned red instantly—ugh! Damn this flirt! Edidn't want to smile, I could tell from her expression thatSo this is where I got my flirtatiousness from?!"*Ahem* H-have you eaten yet?" Mama asked."Not yet. I just came home from a trip.""Join us for dinner," Mama offered, making my eyes widYuri. "...That's okay, right?""Yes, of course. Besides, Keifer is also a friend of mine,"smile.I felt like screaming at the top of my lungs to stop them. HAPPEN! Kuya Angelo might find out the truth. They mstart a fight.Mama went inside with Keifer. Yuri followed them, and there, utterly confused by what was happening.Damn this flirtatiousness!FitLlfllfitNMGt!Wh't

 Wait a minute?! Where am I supposed to sit?!I looked at the bench between Keifer and Yuri. Lola wasnI looked for her, she was already sitting in the seat next t"Thank you," Keifer said, winking at Mama.Mama turned to me, and I could clearly see her flushed cgrimaced at her expression. She looked like she was abouMamon and act all cutesy.Seriously?! A teenager?"Sit here, my child," Mama told me, pointing to the bencand Yuri.I sat there, and Mama returned to her seat. I glanced at Aseem to like Mama's behavior.You're not alone.They started eating. Even though I had no appetite, I forcin. With every bite, I kept looking around, sensing the tenfor a disaster to happen."So, what are you doing here?" Kuya asked bluntly.All of us turned to him. His question was so rude. Tita Glkifldihibthidit

 They stared at each other. I admit, tension was starting tothem. Add to that the fact that this annoying King of Sna provoking him again. I could tell everyone was noticing looks."Hmm... If you don't mind, I just want to know your naminterjected.This guy is really meddlesome!"Keifer... Mark Keifer Watson," the King answered.Mama's expression suddenly changed. She was smiling a"So you're a Watson. No wonder you have such a uniquesaid, glancing at Tita Gema.Tita shot her a sharp look, as if saying, "Don't start." Keiknew Mama and Tita Gema, so maybe that's why Mama  but I didn't understand Tita's reaction."So, what's your relationship with Jay-jay?" Andy askedI almost choked on my food because of his question. SerDamn it! This guy really had to ask that. Can't he just eatI felt like banging my head on the table!"Hillbbt"Yiddlidhillk

 "Of course. Make sure Jay-jay gets there," Keifer smirke bad if my bride doesn't show up."Yuri's eyebrows furrowed even more. It was clear Keiferteasing him. I couldn't help but lower my head. I was emof their argument."Excuse me... What the hell is going on?" Kuya asked auHe was irritated and clearly not happy with how the two my bottom lip. I knew, I felt it, and he definitely wouldnsomething."...Jay-jay!" he called my name, which made my body shyour relationship with Keifer?"Shut the hell up!I looked at Keifer and Yuri, both waiting for my answer. couldn't answer. I didn't know what to say. I looked at Loworried about me, and then at Tita Gema, who seemed thAndy were also waiting for my response."A-what---""Were more than friends, but NOT less than lovers," KeiThere was a loud shaking of the table. I accidentally bumhiAlhi

 "Angelo... Calm down first," Tita Gema intervened."Calm down?! How am I supposed to do that?!"While Kuya kept yelling, I felt a hand on my back. Whenthe damn King. I slapped his hand off to get rid of it.Damn you, you jerk!"S-sir Angelo?" the maid suddenly spoke up."What?!" Kuya snapped back."T-the phone... The hospital is calling," the maid answereI immediately looked up and stared at her. Was it about Ahelp but feel anxious. What if something happened to himYou no longer have a grumpy cousin.Tita Gema and Mom stood up at the same time. They we Naturally, Tita was concerned since Aries was her child. couldn't help but feel suspicious.Kuya Angelo went out to answer the call. Tita, Mom, andhim.There was no video there.

 Chapter 187: Started with David's POVSmoke, sweat, perfume, and alcohol—that's what I still sthough I'm no longer in the bar.I'm so confused.I shouldn't be doing this. I shouldn't have stopped my carshouldn't have waited for her to come out. I shouldn't be affairs.What the hell is wrong with you, David?!I'm just drunk. It's just the alcohol talking. I'll stop once Ithe last time. When Cheon comes back, I won't wait for hwon't steal glances anymore."Please, Jay, just come out. Even for a moment. I want towhispered, not taking my eyes off their gate.My grip on the steering wheel tightened. There were twooutside their house. I knew one belonged to Yuri, but I wowned the other one.

 I cleared my throat. "I'm driving. Can you call me later?"["I will. But since you're driving... Do me a favor. Head house. Text me when you get there. Thanks."]He didn't wait for my response. I didn't tell him the truth—already near Jay-jay's house. It's not my intention to lie. Ican't tell him the truth.---**Jay-jay's POV**"What's the truth, Jay?" Lola asked me calmly.I trust Lola. I could tell her the truth, but a big part of meto speak."L-Lola, it's just..." I whispered.I'm on a diet right now!"They're in a relationship, Keifer and her," Yuri said emo"...even though we're engaged."Even though there was no emotion in his voice, even thomuch, I knew it hurt. He was hurting because of our situa

 Oh my!"You're all still so young! You don't understand what yousaid, shifting her gaze to me. "...Jay! You're playing both"I-it's not like that.""Please... Don't blame Jay-jay for this," Keifer said. "...Inshe's the one who'll look bad, but..." He glanced at Yuri. about it, their relationship is forced. So I'm the only offic"Official? You don't even have a label. How can your relofficial?" Yuri asked, his voice tinged with annoyance."We have a label," Keifer quickly replied. "...husband an*Facepalm!*Once again, I banged my head on the table. My head wasknow if Keifer was just messing around or if he was seriowas saying."You kids are raising my blood pressure," Lola said, shakSuddenly, Tita Gema came in, and everyone's attention sWe're heading to the hospital. We're going to see Aries.""Oh, okay... We'll stay here. Take care," Lola replied, sta

 We all stood up and followed her to the living room. As wfound myself sandwiched between the two again. Lola saacross from us."Keifer," Lola called out to the fool. "...I want you to bregrandchild."W-what... Why?"Lola..." My voice was almost pleading.**Lola looked at me.**"It's not that I don't like him for you. It's just that you're amarried... I didn't want you to get married either becausehad your fill of single life yet. But that's what's needed n"But... Jay-jay and I can't break up," Keifer replied. "...w baby?"Oh my God... Here we go again.My eyes widened as I slowly turned to look at Keifer. Hemind! What baby? Where did that even come from?"B-baby?" Lola asked, shocked."Jay-jay is pregnant," Keifer added. "...she's a few month

 That's why I knew she was just acting. She's done this bestill living together. I could tell the difference between hereal thing."The poor baby will grow up without a father," Keifer coThis idiot just won't stop.I gave him a hard smack on the back of his head. He almhow hard I hit him. He glared at me, and I glared back."You're out of your mind! Nothing has happened betweeyou're saying is impossible!" I said angrily.He suddenly smiled mischievously. "Nothing yet... So dowill be?"Damn it!I slapped myself multiple times. I couldn't believe it. He'with my head. Why did I even fall for someone like this?I looked at Lola, who was leaning on Yuri's chest. She ha pretending to take deep breaths."Lola, please... What this idiot is saying isn't true."Lola opened her eyes, stood up, and looked at me serious

 Keifer just smiled at her. If it weren't for the shock of hismight've banged his head against the wall or the table.Lola became serious again, and so did we. I knew she waanymore."I want the three of you to fix this mess. I'm not against Jrelationships. She's old enough to know right from wronglooked at Yuri. "...I know you don't want to force Jay-jayeither, but if there's something you can do—do it! It's noforce each other into this." She turned to Keifer. "...And together! We're having a serious conversation, and you pKeifer just scratched the back of his head. Yuri had no redown at his hands.Lola then looked at me. "Jay... I know you don't want to don't do something you'll regret later."If this had happened before, I might've talked back to Lounderstand. I know this is for my own good.Silence enveloped all of us. No one spoke. Even Lola stocontinued to look at us. I was also trying to gauge the rea"*Ahem*..." Lola broke the silence. "...it looks like Gemwill be late. Let's clean up."

 Lola went straight to her room, while I went to the livingtwo were. Keifer was sitting, and Yuri was standing near"Sorry... About what happened," Yuri started."I'm sorry too. You got scolded by Lola because of me.""It's okay..." he replied, smiling. "...by the way, you lookwedding gown."Oh no! Did he really have to bring that up?I felt awkward. I glanced at Keifer, but he didn't react. I dmeant for him to hear that."T-thank you," I replied awkwardly.He bowed his head, and I could tell he sensed I didn't wain front of Keifer."I think it's time for me to go," he said, which confused m"Huh?"He glanced at Keifer for a moment before looking back aTake care of yourself," he said, then without hesitation, hcheek.SuddenlyKeiferstoodupfromhisseatandlookedatus

 "Did you get all giddy?!" he said irritably.Here comes the jealous guy."Huh? Where?""From Yuri kissing you!""No," I answered innocently.He approached me and hugged me around the waist. I wagrabbed his chest. I slightly arched my body to distance mhad a feeling where this was going."You should," he said seriously. "...Now, can I have the kwanted?"Ahihihi... No!"It's not possible.""And why is that?" he asked irritably."You smell like cigarettes."He immediately sniffed himself. "You can still smell thatWell, you smoked, didn't you!

 I didn't want to mention it to him because he might get m"If you don't kiss me... I'll force you," he said seriously.I slapped his chest hard, causing him to let go of me.Such a troublemaker!He's overflowing with this!"That fvcking hurt!" he said irritably."I know, right?" I replied, imitating a commercial.I walked toward the sofa and lazily sat down. That's whehungry. I didn't want a heavy meal anymore. I preferred my body wouldn't accept rice."I want ice cream," I whispered and then looked at the Kglaring at me. "...Buy me ice cream. I'll kiss you."His face suddenly brightened. He quickly ran outside. Nice! Haha..."Wait for me!" he shouted.I heard his car roar, and I laughed. He's such a jerk! He'llkisswhatmoreifit'sfor----haizt!

 And maybe what's happening with Keifer and me would simple courtship.Or maybe, up until now, we're still like cats and dogs. Fithings. Irritated by each other's presence. Damn it! Why  bad boy? Even though I accepted suitors before, I never scoundrels like him.That's why I had a crush on Yuri back then.But I still couldn't stop myself. I fell for him without realdidn't know what to do. Especially now that Kuya AngelHe'll skin you alive!I heard the sound of a car. I knew it wasn't Tita's, so I stoKeifer, but he was too fast. He just left, and now he's bacI peeked out the door, but there was no one knocking or rdoorbell. It felt weird, but it was like something was tellioutside.I scratched my neck and walked out of our gate."David?" I called out to him when I saw him standing byare you doing here?"His hair was messy, and he looked out of it. He pulled ouhddi'hlbldll

 ["Jay-jay."]I closed my eyes when he said my name. I had wished fohis voice again. The days when I desperately wanted to swhen I was so hopeful he would show up and answer all But you just got hurt!"P-percy."["I'm going home. I'll answer all your----."]"Don't show up in front of me," I interrupted.I didn't know where that came from, but I knew it was thHe shouldn't show up in front of me anymore.["Jay?"]"You're just messing with me! You're messing up my life["Look... I'm sorry----."]"I don't need your apology! What I want to know is who Why is it that whenever my life is calm, you show up andI didn't want to get this angry, but I couldn't stop myself.I felt like I was about to explode. All the pain I felt becaucomingoutThenightswhenIcriedThenightswhenIt

 "I DON'T CARE!" I screamed loudly, my tears streamingyou! If you're just going to mess with me----."["DAMN IT! Listen to me!"] he shouted angrily.I don't know, but it felt like I heard the four of them in hiThey're all friends. They all have that same anger.["...give me three----No! Two days. Give me two days, ayour questions."] No! Don't believe it!"Enough..." I whispered almost to myself. "...please."I didn't wait for him to respond. I let go of David's phonehugging my knees. I felt weak. I wanted to be happy andthe fear was there.The fear that he might not show up again. That I might evain again, and that he wouldn't answer my questions."Jay-jay." David called me.I didn't look at him, but I saw his hand pick up the phoneremained standing in front of me after looking at it."You should go inside... It looks like it's going to rain."

 He didn't say anything, and all I could hear was a deep siI thought he wouldn't answer my question, just like Percy"We have a contract. I work for him in exchange for helpHe answered directly.I broke down into more sobs. I felt like a child who had bsomething but wasn't given it. My heart felt so heavy. I thI had for Mama came out.Slowly, I felt David's hand and arms embrace me."Ssshhhh... Enough. I get hurt when you're like this."Even though I was confused by what he said, I chose to sseveral deep breaths. I raised my head to face him, pullinhug."Davi----."I didn't finish what I was going to say when I felt both hicheeks. Without hesitation, his lips pressed against mineD-David!It felt like my heart exploded from the speed of its beatinmove from the shock. I quickly pushed him away when mMhdttilltdldhihk

 I heard the car door close. My heart raced with fear and acold water had been poured over me. Slowly, I turned myMy body trembled even more. His look at me was differequestioning, full of confusion, and slowly turning angry.He saw it... He saw it."K-Keifer..." I called, stepping closer to him.But his movements were quick. In the blink of an eye, heDavid, and his fist flew to his face.Shit!"YOU FVCKING BASTARD!" Keifer screamed angrilyI couldn't move. I was too shocked by what he did. Davidhis car from the force of Keifer's punch. I saw him spit oKeifer punched again. David could no longer stand, and out of his nose. I was scared of Keifer, I didn't know whyBut if I didn't do something, who knows what would hapI took several deep breaths to gather the courage."K-Keifer... S-stop," I said as I moved toward him.

 I swallowed nervously. "K-Keifer...""Are you hiding something from me?" His voice was calsuspicion. "...Are you in a relationship with David?"W-what?! Why is he thinking like this?!I shook my head repeatedly. "N-no. N-nothing like that."He took a step closer to me, and I took a step back. His gsame, as if I had committed a huge sin."What is he doing here?" He asked again."M-m-meron k-kasi----.""Don't fvcking lie to me!""It's Percy! He called David and asked to talk to me."I quickly explained.He stopped approaching me. His gaze became more scru breathing was heavy. The fear still didn't go away."...Believe it." I whispered, almost begging.Please... Trust me.

 Just like what he said when he saw Yuri and me. But if thtalking to me for three days or more, I can handle it, as loget this angry."...But I can't. It feels like you're doing this on purpose."I won't do that!I immediately walked over to him and grabbed his hand.like that!"Suddenly, he pulled his hand back from mine. It felt like my heart with what he did."Don't touch me! I might lose control and hurt you!"He shouted at me.I broke down into tears. I didn't want this! My chest felt already in pain.Listen to me!He shook his head and suddenly started walking toward himmediately followed him when I saw him about to get i"Wait! Keifer!" I called out and desperately knocked on car.

 I tried to chase him, but what could my legs do against th bent down, holding my knee to support myself.Dammit!I needed to follow him. I needed to talk to him. This can'this shouldn't be happening.I went back, but I hadn't even reached the gate when it stlooked at David's car; it was gone, and it seemed like he "Miss Jay-jay!" One of the maids called out to me. "...Sirthey're on their way home."I cried even harder when she said that, not because I was but because I couldn't fix everything if they were here.Why, David?!

 Chapter 188: Boiling pointJay-jay's POVI couldn't help but cry. Every move I made felt like tears flowing. I couldn't understand anything at all. I left my rosame time, Aries also came out of his room. I glanced at he wasn't moving. He insisted on coming home from theThat's why Tita was so frantic—the doctor didn't want toleave. But he's so stubborn and just wanted to come hom"Is your mom really staying here? What does she think ohotel?!" he asked me irritably.I didn't want to argue. I had bigger problems to deal withneeded to see Keifer."They'll leave soon," I answered lifelessly.I walked past him and went straight to the living room. Lone I saw, reading a newspaper. She smiled at me, but it noticed I was already in my uniform."You haven't eaten yet. Are you leaving already?" she askapproaching me.

 I pulled away from Lola and glared at Mama as she appr"Are you going to school, Jay?" Mama asked when she sTito Andy cooked.""No... I have something to do," I answered without enthuAnd I don't want to see you either.I didn't wait for their response. I immediately left the hou bike. I pedaled fast to get away from them. I didn't reallydo. I just wanted to leave the house as soon as possible. Iwith them either. Everything just becomes harder for meI'm so mean. I just can't be fair to them. How can I whenexperienced fairness in life? It's so easy to blame others fhappening to me, but the truth is, there's no one to blame born to be like this.Unlucky in so many ways.Last night, I almost crushed my phone from calling Keifeturned it off. I also called his house, but they said he hadnKuya Angelo talked to me last night, but I didn't understasaid. All I could think about was the King.What will happen to us now?

 I checked my phone, hoping he had replied to me. Like tthere was still no response.I was so happy last night when I saw him outside the houthe hug he gave me. Even though things almost got chaohappy that he showed up for me.But it was only temporary.I was so angry at David. I thought I couldn't be mad at hiknow his reasons, but I couldn't help it, especially when happened last night came back to my mind. If he hadn't skissed me, this wouldn't have happened. He didn't talk tothree days after the incident with Yuri. What more now? talk to me again.I finished eating and threw all the trash in the bin. I got band pedaled to school. While I was riding, I felt somethinlike someone was following me.I stopped for a moment and looked behind me, but there vehicles. I turned my gaze back to the front, and just thenmotorcycle exhaust roared.A big bike! The kind used for racing. It was red and had driver was wearing a black helmet, and even though I coI could feel him looking at me and grinning.

 I immediately started pedaling my bike, speeding up evechance does a bike have against a motorcycle? My heart I felt a mix of nervousness and fear. I didn't know what tgot even more scared when I noticed it wasn't just the twwere more following us. I pedaled even faster.Race, man! Race!Instead of heading straight to school, I changed my routestraight to the police station to scare them off. But beforecrossing, they suddenly stopped.I looked at them, and when I turned my gaze back to the crushed the handbrake from pressing it so hard. THERE IN FRONT OF ME!I swerved the bike, but it kept sliding toward the truck.I closed my eyes and braced myself for impact. I even heIdiot!I heard a loud crash as my body hit the ground. I kept sli bike. I wanted to scream from the pain of the impact. Myshook."Miss! Are you okay?!" shouted a man who looked like tfdlfddlkdhh

 More people approached me. They checked me over. Somnosy."Why did you swerve into the truck?""Let's take you to the hospital!""I saw those motorcycles following her!""Call the police!"I checked myself thoroughly. I might have been injured wBut it seemed like I only had body aches. Thankfully, the just as I hit it. The impact was just really strong. I walkedwhich was wobbling on one side.The motorcycles were gone!I stood my bike up and checked it. I didn't see any damagside of the road to rest for a bit. The people were still follabout what had happened."Are you sure you don't want to go to the hospital?" an ome.I smiled at her. "No, thank you. I just need to rest."I stayed there for a few more moments. I checked the timltldlfhIIhdldidt

 Damn it! It really hurts!There were no students hanging around outside anymoreand it seemed like I was the only one who hadn't entered bike and decided to just push it.I was already at the building when I noticed something. Iseemed like there was chaos. I had a bad feeling that theyagain. I quickened my pace and almost threw my bike.I reached the front of the room and let go of the bike. Thchaos! Mayo was the first one I saw when I entered. Drewholding him back."Enough!" Mayo shouted.I forced my way to the middle and covered my mouth. Krelentlessly punching Kit. His face was already covered iwasn't even moving anymore.Keifer was furious, and no one could stop him. I looked he was being restrained by Rory and Edrix."Enough! Keifer! Have mercy on Kit!" Mayo shouted agIt was terrifying! He was like this last night with David. seen him like this many times, I'm still scared. It's differeclose and see him unleashing his anger.

 Damn it! Is he even still alive?!He looked pitiful. His eyes were so swollen you could baBlood kept flowing from his nose and mouth. Mayo and approached us."K-Kit..." Mayo said, his voice trembling. "...c-can you h"Bro... P-please respond," Eren said.Tears welled up in my eyes as I watched them. Mayo's has he checked Kit's neck for a pulse.Before I could hear what he was about to say, a hand griptightly. I was forcefully pulled up and turned to face Keithighs to ache even more."Get away from him," Keifer commanded with authorityI tried to pull my hand back, but his grip was too tight, anhurt."I-I'm hurting.""You're really going to hurt!" he shouted."Keifer!" Yuri scolded him.EvenYuricouldn'tcalmKeiferdownWeretheyallafrai

 Why is he like this again? What happened now? Is this bnight? Why does he have to be like this?"W-what's going on—?""Did he kiss you?!" he cut me off, pointing at the uncons No! He didn't go through with it! No words came out of my mouth. It felt like even other pwere afraid of him.I could only shake my head to convey what I wanted to s but suddenly kicked one of the tables. The loud noise it meveryone.It was bone-chilling. All I could hear was the sound of mBecause of how loud it was, it felt like it was amplified idown, heart!"Mayo..." Keifer called.I saw Mayo flinch in surprise and fear. Even Eren lookedcall."...Repeat everything you said earlier," Keifer ordered.Ididn'tunderstandwhathemeantButIcouldclearlyse

 "If I hadn't caught you guys fighting, I wouldn't have kno pacing back and forth.We were all shocked when he suddenly threw a chair neacovered my mouth.I looked around the room. Everyone was there, but none anything. They were all bowing their heads or hiding in cDavid with a bruised mouth and a bandage on his eye."WHO ELSE?!" Keifer shouted angrily, still pacing. "WFVCKING ELSE?!"Everyone kept their heads down except Yuri. His eyes wconcern as he looked at me. I wanted to go to him and huthe fear I was feeling, but I didn't want him to end up like"You!" Keifer said, pointing at Ci-N. "...maybe you did s jay that I don't know about!" Not Ci-N! He's no match for you!Ci-N was trembling and shaking his head. I could see he of tears from fear."Sure?! Maybe you did something, or you all did?!" Keifand grabbed him by the collar. "...maybe something alrea between you?!"

 Keifer paced again and stopped in front of Yuri. He suddnot because he was happy—it was like he had realized soEnough, Keifer!"Of course, you... It's impossible for you not to be involvright? Taking what's mine?" Keifer said, and Yuri avoide"...Freya, then Ella. Now Jay-jay!""I'm not taking anything from you. They were all yours wwith them too," Yuri replied seriously.The tension between them was deadly. All of us were wasee what would happen next.Our attention shifted to Kit when he groaned and slightlyHe was conscious; we needed to take him to the hospitalI was about to step forward to help, but someone blocked"Don't even try."I looked at him desperately. "K-Kit needs to be taken to tHe leaned closer to me. I swallowed hard when our eyes like a different person—cold but filled with anger."Is that all?" he whispered. "...maybe there's more."

 quickly caught me."Are you okay?" Eman asked.He helped me up, but at the same time, Keifer's fist flew What the hell?! Damn it!"Keifer!" I shouted, grabbing his arm.He looked at me angrily and pointed. "You! Is that what I let go of him and matched his angry gaze. He needed toand jealousy were getting out of hand."...Do you really want these guys to flirt with you, huh?!You idiot!I slapped him for what he said. I had been putting up wit because of his anger, but this was too much. Fear was eahe didn't stop, things might escalate. I didn't want to end "Why, isn't it?!" he asked angrily. "...That's why you're nMaybe that's what you really want?! To flirt with the whoYou've been at it for a while now!IslappedhimwithmylefthandbutheblockeditsoIp

 "Disrespect you? What about what you did to me... Wasndisrespectful?" he said calmly.I closed my eyes gently. His words hurt me deeply. I knewhat happened last night, but I didn't mean for it to happ"Or maybe you're up to something?" he suddenly said, chatmosphere in the room. "...Maybe you're planning to sedSection E to ruin us?""I wouldn't do that. They're my friends, I'm part of Sectio"Oh no, you're not," he cut me off. "...You don't belong tIt felt like a knife stabbed my heart when he said that. I-Iso confused.He suddenly grabbed my arm and pulled me out of the ro begged because of the pain in my body, but all I could doIt hurts! Stop it!"Keifer! Where are you taking Jay-jay?!" I heard Yuri shLooking back, the others were following us, full of concemyself from Keifer's grip, but he held on tightly."Keifer! Have mercy on Jay-jay!" Ci-N shouted.

 "Keifer," I pleaded.He didn't react. He put me down when we reached the seto get away, but he grabbed my hand and pulled me againWe were approaching Section A's room, so I struggled hamy body was in pain and my legs were stiff, I tried, but Knumb.What's happening to you?!He opened the door to the room. The teacher stopped teastood up in alarm.He pulled me again and pushed me toward Aries. But myidiot, pushed me too, so I fell straight to the floor. What aare."You belong to him..." Keifer said, and I looked at him. "your stupid, fvcking, asshole----.""Mr. Watson... What are you doing here?!" —Teacher."----cousin. Who's good at hiding from his brother's sche"What the hell are you doing here, Keifer?!" Aries askedI tried to stand, but my thighs were completely stiff fromhdIlkddMifllf

 I couldn't stop my tears from falling. I tried not to react tosaying. I felt so embarrassed in front of Section A. I saw door."So does here! She can't stay here! That's why she ended because her life is worthless----just like yours!" Aries saiIt felt like a heavier weight was placed on my chest. Worhe's a different person now. The way he talks, it's like I'mrelative.What do you expect, Jay?!Oh right! He doesn't want me as family."She doesn't belong in your Section, but she's perfect for because you're exactly the same!" Keifer said angrily, anhis fist. "...The best thing you should do is stick her to yoconnect your belly buttons!""Enough, Keifer," I said lifelessly, but he ignored me."What the hell?! Last time I checked, you're her knight a Now you're dumping her?" Aries replied, smiling and sh"...You should just go back to your classroom. It's a wasther here."From the way they were talking, I felt like such a worthle

 "Aries!" Ella scolded.I felt like I was going to explode any second. I couldn't tahe was saying anymore.I held Mica's hand to remove it. She looked at me curiouEven though it hurt so much, I tried to walk normally. Wfell. I saw Yuri about to approach me, but I signaled him and Section E were watching me as I walked.I really don't belong with them.I passed by Ci-N, who was looking at me. David, who clapproach me. Mayo, Josh, and Eren weren't there, probabhelp Kit.Good thing there were still classes, or I might have died if they saw me like this. My thighs and legs were in so mespecially as I went down the stairs.I wanted to scream from the pain!I don't know how long I've been walking, but not one of  Not that I was expecting----but I really was! I was hopinthem would follow me and explain what's happening. I wthem would apologize to me. I was hoping it would be KWhen I left the main building, I saw Josh. He had his bag

 too.I forced a smile. "O-okay."

 Chapter 189: The PrinceAries's POV"...Get out of here! Leave!" the teacher scolded Keifer an"...These kids! Always looking for trouble!"The Section E students left, but Keifer gave me a nasty loThey interrupted our class just to humiliate Jay-jay. HowOur teacher left the room. I was sure she was heading to to report what happened. We were all left staring at the d"You didn't need to say those things, Aries!" Ella said anI ignored her. We weren't on good terms, but if she talkedit's like she was the one in charge."Poor Jay-jay.""Looks like she's really hurt."I overheard my classmates whispering. I noticed it too—held her... It looked like she was in so much pain. I ignordidn't want to show any sympathy.

 Is that why she looked like that? Is that why she seemed  pain? What the hell, Jay?!"You should check on your cousin," Ella ordered, standinwho was also looking at me."Don't order me around," I replied with authority.I could feel the whole class staring at me. This was the fiheard me talk to Ella like that. No one knew we had fougaccurately, that we had broken up.After all this time... Still him..."Ella's right," Freya suddenly said, continuing to file her their Section is in chaos. Harrington was rushed to the hoSeriously? What's wrong with their Section? Is Keifer acWhy isn't Yuri doing anything?I let out a deep sigh. I left the room and headed straight fdidn't have any plans to check on Jay-jay. Why should I?Yeah... Why should I?I went to the rooftop, where I could easily see their buildSome of them were outside, while it seemed like there wgoing on inside the room.

 ["I thought something bad happened to you."] I could hehis voice.I couldn't blame him. I had insisted on leaving the hospit be there! Too many memories came back whenever I walying on a hospital bed with an IV attached."Nothing bad happened," I said, emphasizing the word *to know if Jay-jay is there."["If the 'there' you're talking about is our house... I don't khome."]Tsk!"Okay... Thanks," I said, about to end the call, but I heard["Wait... Is Jay-jay not there at school?"]"She's here... I just don't know if she went home. She walied.I wasn't covering for Jay-jay. I just didn't want my brothequestions. The conversation would drag on, and we'd endthe past again.["I see... I'll text Mom to confirm. Thanks."]Idid'tdIddthllhiltilltitS

 The King that was once on the throne. Everything becom because of his name. They also gave me a title... The Printhem call me that.At first glance, I appear as the Prince because my brotherthat's not how I see it! They call me Prince because I wilon the throne. I will never be the man like my brother. Agive that to me.Because someone else has already taken it long ago.I hate myself for being like this. I'm always second.Second to Percy because he's better at making others hapSecond to Yuri because he's smarter.Second to Keifer because he's better than me.And most of all, second to Jay-jay in the family because I bitterly smiled when I remembered her. How I used to ptheir house to play with her. How I'd comfort her when smade sure she knew how much her Kuya loved her.But that will never happen again. I will never do that agaIt's her fault why I got sick.It'hflthhdthtidtthtihtdIl

 Lola looked at me with concern. She was the only one ho back. Mama and Andy already left, and so did Aunt GemKuya was at his company stuff."It's not okay not to tell them... Look at the state you're in pointing to the bruises I had."It'll go away quickly."She sighed deeply. She always does that when I come hoand wounds. I usually just choose to turn away from her of fighting."Have you been to the hospital?"I nodded and handed her the X-ray and check-up results.faced her.She stared at me for a moment before taking it and readinThere were no fractures in the bones. It was just muscle idoctor prescribed a lot of pain relievers. She also advisedthe bruised and sore areas."Oh Jay! I allowed you to stay here because I knew you'dyour Kuya Angelo's place... But here you are again, comup." She scolded me as she set the results down beside mldllhdi'il

 I smiled back at her. She adjusted my blanket and kissedforehead. She then walked out and closed the door. I lookwas only after lunch, but I already felt so sleepy, probablexhaustion.I yawned repeatedly. I stared at the ceiling, and the eventreplaying in my mind. The motorcyclists and what KeifeMy body hurt, but the things he said hurt even more.It felt like my heart was punched, and I couldn't retaliateKeifer could do something like this because of jealousy.I hugged Snorlax tightly. I used to think love was easy. Itwith my first boyfriend. I was just mad because he was gno one would find out at school.Damn him! In the end, he was better looking than me.I didn't feel pain with Cyrus either. I didn't take him serioknew he didn't take me seriously either. I was just scaredcarelessly.But now! Now, for the first time in my life, I feel this waKeifer said. I never thought words could hurt like a knifeYes, I've been hurt by things said about me and Mama, bdifferent.

 or if I still needed more sleep.I heard loud laughter from Mama and the others in the livI got up and checked the clock, it was 6:42 PM. I also grasee if I had messages from him. None!There were messages from Yuri and the others checking didn't feel like replying. I got up and quickly went to the freshen up.I also started feeling hungry, so I hurried downstairs.I saw Mama and Aunt Gema in the living room. Uncle Juthere too. Lola was talking to Kuya Angelo.They all looked at me, one by one. The first thing I noticsmiling face. It was different, though—her smile was fulexcitement."Are you okay, Jay?" she asked, looking me up and downJoin us."Huh?!I raised an eyebrow. What's going on with her? I didn't pdhddtihttthkithIllh

 What's the point? Nothing would change. He's mad at me, and he doesn't wdoesn't accept me. I understand, though—who would waas a sibling?I continued eating. Then I heard shouting coming from thwasn't sure, but I could clearly hear Mama's voice.Even though I hadn't finished eating, I decided to peek aton.Before I could even get close, I could already hear what t"...Don't talk to me like that!" Mama yelled."Get out of our house! I don't want you here!" Aries answWhat's going on?I reached the living room, but it was Mama and Aries whattention. Andy was trying to stop Mama, while Aunt Gethem."Aries! Stop it!" Kuya yelled, but Aries clearly wasn't pl"Hey! You're so ungrateful!" Mama yelled again."Ungrateful?!Why?!Whathaveyoudoneforme?!You

 Children?!"At least they're teaching something! You're teaching theretorted before Aunt Gema could say anything."If I knew you were going to be like this, I should never FUCKING HELL, GLASS!I felt my heart stop. My skin prickled, and my hands wen"Jay-jay?" Lola called when she saw me.Everyone's attention shifted to me. Mama's anger was repembarrassment. Aunt Gema and Lola immediately rushe"Jay... W-what..." Aunt Gema started, and I knew she didsay."What's this? She still doesn't know?" Mama asked, cleaglared at Aries. "...And you really weren't planning on te"Tsk! How was I supposed to tell her? You already did!"rudely."ARIES!" Kuya yelled in anger. "...Go to your room. NoAries shot me a dirty look before leaving. I stayed still, sspaceAuntGemaandLolaweresayingsomethingtom

 What the hell! Am I being played with?!"I-I'll go to my room." That's all I managed to say. No one stopped me. They let me walk away as if I wasn'It felt so humiliating.Jay... You've been facing your brother for a long time. ---So that's why he said that. He knew the truth too. He knemy brother.Brilliant! Really brilliant!I look so stupid, thinking about his situation. Thinking ifthe family he has. I wonder if he has a brother there too.A fucking nice question, but the answer was right in froncan't believe how stupid I am."You now know the truth, but that doesn't change anythinAries suddenly said as he appeared in front of me.I furrowed my brows at what he said. "Oh?""Don't expect me----.""I don't expect you to do anything. I know... You don't evyourcousinletaloneasibling"Iinterruptedhimbefore

 The things I thought I'd do when I finally faced my brothcouldn't do them. My expectations of what our conversatnever going to happen.Damn it! They're giving me a sibling like him, someone me!It's so unfair, it's just so unfair. I grabbed my chest as I coWhy him? Why does it have to be him?

 Chapter 190: Open earsJay-jay's POVI wanted to leave my room. I wanted to open the door anwanted to because I was hungry.I didn't have dinner because of what I found out. I thoughwould go away because of everything that happened, butstomach doesn't want to get involved with the drama of mBut I was scared, scared that when I opened the door, I wanother secret.What if I have a twin I don't know about?!I looked at the clock on the wall: 11:39 PM. I was sure evhouse was asleep, but I was still scared.My stomach growled loudly, as if screaming, "Damn it! Fcouldn't just sleep this hunger away, I hadn't eaten propeThough it was against my will, I turned the doorknob andtoward me. I peeked outside, all the lights were off. I graand used its light as a guide.

 It was like a portal that would take me to a different parafridge door and clapped when I saw it. There were so mathere was even cake!I first grabbed some food and heated it in the microwavelooked for more things I could eat. I also found a Chuckime laugh a little.Pffttt... Childish!I knew who that Chuckie drink belonged to. It was Kuyausually drinks it when he's stressed. I thought for a momit, but I was worried Kuya might get mad. But he wouldnit.I smiled widely. I grabbed one and shook it. I was about straw when I glanced at the kitchen door. Aries was standarms crossed, staring at me without any reaction.I quickly put the Chuckie back in the fridge and closed thlike nothing happened and went back to the microwave theard his footsteps approaching me.I got nervous for reasons I couldn't understand. I couldn'tlike I was about to faint. I could feel his presence behindinstinctively closed my eyes.I waited to see if he would say something or do somethin

 I thought he was going to leave after making his coffee, bsink. After gathering what I needed, I began eating. I profoolish because I kept glancing at him with every bite.He didn't look at me, so I didn't know if he noticed me. Weat, my mind kept replaying what happened earlier. It felBut there was something I was wondering about. His agesame. I was sure we weren't twins because my brother wyear older than me. I was confused."Stop looking at me," he suddenly said, stopping me from"S-sorry..." I muttered. "...Ari—what should I even call yI wanted to slap myself for asking that. Seriously?! He raand I immediately looked down."Nothing will change," he said firmly.Okay... Aries still. Aries the horoscope! How's Taurus doI couldn't stop thinking about our age. I didn't want to disthat with him yet, especially since everything was still frhelp but ask."Aries... W-why are we the same age?"Hidbihihhd

 along.I felt a deep sadness. Even back then, he really didn't wandidn't know the full story of why he was placed in foster always said it was for the betterment of both of us.But it didn't turn out to be for the better.I didn't say anything else. He finished his coffee and left.I was left alone, staring at the food in front of me.This is so frustrating! I know he's angry with me. A big p because we can't get along despite everything we've beenalso angry with him. I see him as a cousin, so I just leaverespond whenever I get the chance.But now that I know the truth, I just want us to make up. before, at least we'll know that we're okay.Even if he doesn't recognize me as a sibling, it's okay witI held back the tears that were threatening to fall. I quickand washed the dishes. I even washed Aries' cup.I turned off the light and quickly went back to my room. up before finally lying down on my bed. My mind was basleep.

 I felt sad. I let out a deep sigh.He still hasn't replied to any of my texts. His phone is offhim.Shit... Keifer...I got up and went straight to the bathroom. I got ready foWhen I stepped out of my room, Aries was just coming olooked at me lifelessly before walking away.Before, when he would look at me like that, I would just now, it felt heavier inside me.When I entered the dining area, I could hear Mama's voictelling stories."Good morning, Jay!" she greeted me with a smile.There's nothing good about my morning!"Good morning," I replied before sitting down.Aries was sitting across from me, starting to eat. He seemabout anyone around him. He was looking down and eatiI started eating too and acted like I didn't care about the pButIcouldstillclearlyheartheirconversation

 They just smiled at me. They were really good at pretendIt was so obvious we were the topic of their conversationlike Aries and I will be fine now that I know the truth.But they're just assuming.Aries finished eating first. We were almost done at the sa both stood up and walked back to our rooms together.We were only a few steps away from his room when he slooked at him in confusion, but he didn't face me."Stop it," he said, making me even more confused. "Donlike they do. We're not going to make up."He didn't wait for my response. He quickly walked and estayed there, staring at nothing.Don't expect anything?I shook my head and walked back to my room. I quickly got ready. My scars from the accident yesterday were stimuscle hurt, but I had gotten used to it.The benefits of always getting into fights!I was walking towards the living room when I heard KuyAilii

 "Go with him. You both go to school together again, andhome together."I saw Aries messing with his hair. He had no choice, so hout toward the garage."Why? What for?" I asked Kuya, making sure Aries had "Just in case what happened to you yesterday happens agkeep you safe," he answered and walked away.Safe! Pfft... Who are they fooling?They're just trying to make us get closer and get along.They're wasting their effort. I walked outside, planning torders.My heart was heavy because of the problems I had with tnow, it was made worse by finding out the truth. Whatevthey should just stop. It's only making things harder for mI stopped in front of the gate when I saw Aries' car parkethe driver's side lowered, and I saw his angry face."Get in," he ordered."No need... I still have somewhere to go," I answered lifelki

 I knew he didn't want me in his car, so I chose to sit in thfeel his irritation, but I chose to look at the road instead.He started the car, and all we could hear was our breathinIt's so frustrating!He's not doing anything, but I'm getting hurt. Or maybe Ihe's doing nothing. I've gotten used to him yelling at me frustration, but now that he's silent... Damn! I feel so worThe car stopped a corner before getting to the school. Heanything, but I knew what that meant. I got out of his carhim go ahead into the school.All that was left was the smoke from his car after he left.smoke's better off! Haaayyy...I walked into the school. As soon as I reached the gate, I staring at me."She really got humiliated!""She didn't even defend her.""Poor thing."Whispers from the students. I immediately knew why theThidlikildfiI'tid

 When I got to our building, I took a moment to listen. Thit seemed like there wasn't any trouble... but that was just"Just tell the truth already!" David shouted.I was standing next to the door when I heard that. I stoppa moment to what they were talking about."Don't tell Keifer what to do!" Rory replied. "...He'll tell needs the right time.""I feel sorry for Jay-jay." Ci-N said, which made my hearFeel sorry?! Really?!"They already said to stop this plan!" Eman shouted angr"Stop pretending! You're one of the ones who started thisDenzel snapped.Plan?!Everything they were saying mixed up in my mind. I wacouldn't understand what they were talking about. It wasand now they wanted me to know the truth because they "Just say it properly, then we'll apologize." Blaster said."Likeit'sthateasy?"Drewsaidsarcastically

 I took a step into the room. Everyone was staring at me, hide the emotions I was feeling. My eyes fell on Keifer, wreaction."J-jay-jay..." they called me softly.They were all there. Even Kit, with his swollen face, was"What's the truth? What's the plan?" I asked weakly.I wanted to know the truth, but I also didn't. There was fehurt by what I might find out. My intuition was screaminThey all looked at Keifer. He was emotionless, arms crosstraight back in his chair."What's the plan? What's the truth?" I repeated the questigaze on him.Just say something!"Keifer... Please, say something," Yuri pleaded."Keifer! Just say it!""Say something already!""What's the plan? What's the truth?" I repeated, my voice

 I couldn't hold back my emotions any longer. I was in sohow he just stared at me and didn't say a word. The othershocked by my reaction, but they chose to avoid eye con"You sure you want to hear it?" Keifer asked seriously.I tried to hold back my tears and nodded at him. He smileshook his head. His mouth slowly opened, but I didn't heany sound from anyone else. It was like I suddenly went few seconds before his words sank in."I used you."I stood there, stunned, waiting for him to say more. Anotfell from my eyes."...and the whole Section E knows it."It felt like my heart had been punched, defenseless.All I could do was cry and stare at the ground.U-used me?Keifer stood up and slowly walked toward me. "I used yoyour cousin—oh wait! Your brother, actually."I trembled at his words. He knew about that too? They alHdidthih?WhIthlttfidt?

 "Then I'll explain it to you," he said calmly. "...The momup in front of me, acting like he cared for you, that's whe — to be exact? That was when we made fun of you in thThat's when they hit me with the ball. My nose bled, andcould fade, Aries came to stop me and asked me to go ho"...We made sure we had your information—thanks to RoI looked at Rory, but he quickly looked down, avoiding mfound out that you and Aries are siblings."Damn! They knew!He suddenly smirked, and his aura changed. I couldn't teor if he had something else in mind."...but the plan is useless. That asshole doesn't care aboutrevenge is pointless." He said, chuckling lightly.This wasn't the Keifer I knew. His eyes were dark, full of"K-keifer... P-please stop," Yuri interrupted.My legs and feet froze from standing. I wanted to believe joke, that they were messing with me. But no, he wasn't j joke.TktfllikihkIld'ti

 He walked back to his table.Maybe everything was just a joke. Maybe they were justMaybe he was getting back at me.Maybe after laughing, he would say the line I was waitinkidding, you're so fun to mess with.' And he'd say he couhe loved me.I hoped that was true, but deep down I knew it wasn't. Mwhen he spoke after laughing. And the words he said chafor me."Of course, it's part of my plan."Oh my God!I covered my mouth as I cried uncontrollably. I didn't carappearance anymore. I stumbled back, gripping a table foDAMN IT! IT WASN'T A JOKE! HE MADE ME BELIEME! HE LET ME FALL FOR HIM!HE JUST USED ME! ARGH!HOW STUPID AM I, JAY! HOW STUPID YOU ARE FHIM!"J"YilldtithbtIldt

 I looked at Ci-N. he was crying too, staring at me like hemercy."Were you in on it too?" I asked weakly.he sobbed, trying to wipe his tears away. "I-I'm sorry, JayThat's why he apologized to me before—it was because o beginning, they had been playing games with me. I couldtrusted them so much.I looked at the others, but they all avoided eye contact. Ome for a long time. But even with him, I felt anger.Did I do something wrong?! Why did I have to be playedI turned my gaze back to Keifer, who had no expression even a hint of pity or remorse for what he did."W-why, Keifer? W-why?"He didn't answer. I couldn't stand being in front of him aall of them. What's the point of crying in front of them? Eknees were shaking, I forced myself to walk away."Jay! Wait!""Jay-jay."

 "Don't even try!" I wiped my cheek. "...You really are beso good at manipulating people!""Jay... Believe me, we're regretting it—""So you admit it now?! Because your conscience is eatinI glanced behind him and noticed Ci-N following him.he was still crying. As much as I wanted to feel pity for h"You too..." I shook my head. "...I treated you like a brot"Jay... I'm sorry," he said.I also saw the others staring at us. I glared at them until I"Enough..." I whispered, then immediately ran off.I pushed through the pain and aches in my legs and thighnothing could hurt more than what I was feeling. The woeven come close to describing the pain.I could hear Yuri and the others arguing behind me. It seewere trying to follow me, but the others were stopping thnearing the school gate when I saw Aries looking at me.They wanted to get back at him...

 Chapter 191: BrotherJay-jay's POVIt's the end for me!----That was the first thought that crossmelled burning rubber, and it was a bit smoky. I was so sudden appearance of the car that I almost couldn't moveI was sitting on the road, almost right next to the front ofmove from the shock; I felt like my entire system was sh just happened. This was the same feeling I had when a gmy head. But the situation now was different."Shit!" I heard someone shout. "...Are you okay?!"I looked up at the person who spoke. He was now in fronme with concern. My body still refused to move, but evethe person in front of me."P-Percy?"He slightly crouched down to be at my level. He looked mknow what shocked me more—what I had just found outthat I was almost hit by a car, or that Percy was now stanme.

 "G-get me out of h-here!" I pleaded.I couldn't stay in this place any longer. I knew they wereearlier, and at any moment, they might find me."O-okay," Percy replied, helping me stand up.He also helped me get into his car. I continued to cry, mymuch that I wanted to stop.He got in and immediately started the car. He kept glanci back at the road."Are you hurt? We're going to the hospital," he said.I shook my head while trying to wipe my cheeks. "I-I do"Huh? But—""JUST TAKE ME TO A QUIET PLACE!" I shouted, sta"O-okay... W-we're going..."The car sped up. I didn't know where we were headed. I waway, as far as possible. Far from Mama, far from Aries,damn snakes, and far from their King.I used you...

 was so insistent. Because he knew they would retaliate. Hguilty, and that beast Keifer would come after him.He's the reason for all of this! None of this would have hweren't for him. I wouldn't have been played by those behave...Fallen for him and his trap!"Jay..." Percy called out to me as he continued driving. "happen? Why are you crying like this?"I didn't answer. I kept staring outside. I relived everythinhappened. Their reactions and everything they said.Family?!I was the only one who thought of them that way. I was t believed we were friends. I was the only one who thoughthem. I was the only one, just me.I should have had doubts. Who would accept someone liwant to be my friend? Even back then, they would pretenleave when they had nothing more to gain from me. No one wants to be with someone like me!My mind and body were exhausted from everything that hbdhihdil

 I couldn't get the image of his eyes out of my mind as heto me."Of course, it's part of my plan."My chest tightened even more at those words. I punchedtimes, hoping to lessen the pain, but it didn't work.This is so messed up!I looked outside and noticed we had stopped. We were p beach. I looked at Percy, but he wasn't in the driver's seaquickly opened the door and got out.A strong wind greeted me. I tried to wipe the tears from min my system was still swirling, but I was more focused oDid he leave me again?!"Are you done?"I turned around. He was holding a bottle of water as he aexpression was serious, and I couldn't tell if he was angryI swallowed hard and took a deep breath. "S-sorry... I-I dstopped."He handed me the bottle, which I took. "Yeah... It's obviotbditbd"

 I quickly took the handkerchief and wiped my nose. I waoverwhelmed with embarrassment because of that. Of cocrying, I'd have a runny nose too. I hadn't even thought asince earlier.So embarrassing! So annoying...I glanced at Percy when I noticed him walking toward thlooked around. There was a store near where we parked. empty except for some kids playing in the distance.It was quiet, and the sound of the waves was soothing.I took off my shoes and socks and left them by the car. I followed Percy, who continued walking."You've lost weight..." he said as I caught up to him. "...A properly?""Y-yes..." I answered hesitantly.This was what I had been waiting for—to finally face himand mind were too drained to ask anything. Still, it mattewas here with me now. I just hoped he wouldn't leave agI drank the water he gave me. I finished it quickly, partlythirsty and felt dehydrated from all the crying. My eyes wand the wind from the sea made it worse.

 This feeling was so annoying. I had so many questions w but now I couldn't say anything. There was so much I wasince I was struggling so much, maybe I'd just ask one th"H-how's P-papa?" I asked almost in a whisper.He stopped walking and looked in another direction."They're still in New York...""When is he coming back?"He took a deep breath. "I don't know yet."Why did it feel like he was avoiding the topic? He was ri but it felt like he was drifting away. I didn't understand! Hface me either, as if he was hiding something.Tears started welling up in my eyes again, threatening tomoment. He started walking again, but I didn't follow. I csand and watch the sea.Should I just drown myself? To end all of this!Damn it! Does it really have to happen all at once? Can'tover the next few months? Does it have to be so immediamaking me cry so much that it has to happen all at once?idiot Percy have to add to it?

 What happened?!Instead of answering him with words, tears were the firstout. Damn it! Everything that happened to me was flashiFrom the night Keifer got angry because of what David dkicked me out in front of Aries. Damn it! And then findinsiblings. And now... realizing that they were just playing "Please... say anything," Percy pleaded.I looked at him, biting my lip hard to stop myself from cr"K-Keifer..." I took a deep breath. "...he used me. He jussounded like a child's complaint.Suddenly, he hugged me, causing my head to bury into h pushing him away, I just let it happen. It only made me cWhat's happening to me is so messed up. I didn't even ge back, to defend myself.I'm so weak! I'm weak!"I feel like... everyone close to me is just fooling me," I s"Shhh... don't think like that," he said.HowcanInotthinklikethat?Onetruthafteranotherhas

 I clenched my fist and punched him hard. I immediately stepped back. I watched as he took the punch, wincing anhead."You knew..." I said, pointing at him. "...You knew Ariesand you knew Keifer's plan."He stood up, even though he was visibly dizzy. It seemedlanded on his jaw because that's where he was holding."...Tell me! Were you in on Keifer's scheme too?!" I aske"Damn it!" he suddenly shouted. "...you punch hard! AreI felt annoyed by what he said. I didn't know if he was deanswering my question."Answer me!" I demanded.He took a deep breath. "I knew Aries was your brother bAs for Keifer's plan, I found out through David."He explained. "...Believe me, I tried to come back as soosave you from Keifer. If I hadn't run into some problemsup sooner."Shit!IfithhhiIit

 He finished what I was trying to say.He was right about everything. The fear wouldn't leave mwhen suspicion keeps getting in the way."S-sorry...""Jay-jay..." I felt his hand rest on my head. "...Let them hmake you cry. Let them fool you..." I felt his other hand only then did I realize he was hugging me. "...Because afto you and stand by you. I'll be with you and make you fealone."His words were comforting. I wanted to believe him, butdidn't want to gamble my trust again."P-Percy...""It's okay if you're scared."I'm so scared...If only you knew how much I want to believe what you'rhelps ease the weight in my chest, I'm willing to give you"...I'm willing to prove I'm trustworthy."At that moment, my tears stopped on their own, even thothiHidfltlikdiitdH

 You idiot!I felt like banging my head on the rocks. The conversatioand I had almost exhausted myself from crying, but herelike a fool who just pulled a prank.Should I start crying again? Because aside from the liars close to me, it seems like I won't even have a sane personEveryone seems to have escaped from a mental institutioHang in there, Jay..."Should I be sad because there's another crazy person in innocently.He laughed loudly while shaking his head. "Just kiddingmake you smile."I shook my head and looked away. "Tsk! I want to knowdon't have time for your jokes."His expression suddenly turned serious. "I know you wanreally am. But with everything that's happened to you todsave that for next time."I felt annoyed. Here he goes again, leaving me hanging. Ithere was a plane waiting to pick me up, but there wasn't"hifh'i?hifli?"

 What if that's not true? What if he's just saying that to maWhat if he's planning to leave again? What if..."Just tell me, please..." I bowed my head and closed my etired."I felt his hand rest on my head. "If you insist... Okay."His hand on my head suddenly grabbed my hand. My ey pulled me. We were heading back to his car. He pressed key and opened the door.I looked at him as he didn't move. He was waiting for meI grabbed the shoes I left earlier and got in. He closed thethe other side to get in and take the driver's seat. After clstarted the engine first to turn on the air conditioning.It felt comfortable, but my eyes were stinging.Argh! Damn it! I might go blind."I hope you're ready for this..." I heard him whisper.He took a black bag from the back seat. He pulled out a bfrom it.My heart was racing. There was nothing to expect, but wfltflItlikitifitt

 "Yes, and that baby who looks like a squished face... Thaanswered.He handed me another photo. It was a beautiful, fair-skinforeign man with blue eyes—his dad! That was the man house before. There was also a baby with them."That's us... Our family picture. And that freakishly handhe explained.Why is that?!Why do I look like a squished face as a baby, while he's handsome? That doesn't seem fair. Before I could protestanother photo."And this is... Their family," he said with a sad tone.It was a picture of Papa with Percy's mom. They were drif attending a high-class party. They weren't smiling like  photos. What I didn't understand was the term "their famI looked at Percy, waiting for what he would say next. Hhe looked at the pictures in my hands."We're the same..." he began. "...We're both illegitimate c

 Chapter 192: StepbrotherJay-jay's POV"We're both illegitimate children."I'm an illegitimate child?I didn't know that. Lola never told me. None of them did planned to tell me.I tightened my grip on the pictures, causing them to crumcouldn't understand how I became an illegitimate child."Explain it to me," I demanded.He pulled out another picture from the brown envelope aIt was a picture of an old man sitting in a wheelchair."That's your grandfather," he said.My grandfather?He handed me another picture. I let go of the earlier pictuswallowed hard, my hands trembling as I saw who was inPapaandPercy'smom,andtheywerewearingwedding

 I stared at him, frozen, as every word he said shook me ttruth he was telling me felt like a slap in the face."They were married before we were even born," he addeto fall again.Damn it!"I-I don't understand. H-how?" I asked, unable to believehearing.Is that why we're illegitimate children? But if they were ahow did they end up having families with other people?This is so confusing!I regretted saying earlier that I wanted to know everythinmaking the most of making me cry."I don't know how, but they both chose to build families from each other," he said, taking a deep breath. "...We'reEvery word he said was clear. It's in Tagalog! But why dconfused? I couldn't process what he was saying.I had so many questions, but it felt like I couldn't even unanswers. This is so messed up!IlkddtlhththitIhdd

 Aren't you tired of falling?!"Just like us," he said sadly. "...Mama left us and never sPapa married someone else, and that's Felix's mom.""But why?"He took one of the pictures from my lap. He showed me grandfather."Because of him... He found out the truth and threatenedkilled if they didn't stop."I stared closely at the old man's face in the picture. He locould still see the sophistication and authority in him. Hethough I'm old, I'm rich!"Three M's! Old, Rich, and Grumpy!I looked back at him as he lowered the picture. His eyes knew he was also hurt by what my grandfather did. We wof the families our parents built, but that family wasn't al"But... How did you end up with Papa?" I asked.He said his mom also left him and never showed up agaithey together?Th'thifihi!

 They immediately thought he was dead?! Didn't it occur might still be alive?"B-but why didn't anyone know you were alive?"If only you knew what happened when you disappeared. apart. Almost everyone was angry at Aries because peopHe gripped the steering wheel, his hold tightening. "Mamthink that I was already dead," he said with a bitter smilenerve to feel upset about why no one visited me. Turns odead to them."I shook my head. "You didn't show up for 4 years... Whyanything?" My voice started to rise.I wasn't the one left behind when he disappeared. It didn because I didn't even know him back then, but I couldn'thim."Almost 4 years..." he corrected me. "...I was paralyzed.  body, and your dad was the one who took care of me. Thknow you—he kept telling me things about you, and it mlove with you."What the heck!My eyes widened at what he said. Fall in love with me?! 

 "So..." he continued. "...that's my role in your life. Stepbrat me.I shook my head. I was happy to finally know who he reasadness overwhelmed me. My life is so complicated. It's that no one had the courage to tell me the truth."Does Mom know about this?" I asked calmly.He took a deep breath and looked away. "I'm not the oneanswer that."It felt like I didn't need to ask anymore. I already knew thI bit my lip to hold back the tears, but they just wouldn't "Argh!" I screamed and covered my face. "Damn it!""Tsk! Damn it! Don't say bad words." He scolded me, buI continued crying. Mom knows the truth. I'm sure of it. Tme anything because they know. They didn't want me to  because they knew he had a family.I had always longed to be with Dad like my brother. If onme the truth, I wouldn't have gotten my hopes up. I woulsee him."Ahhhhhh!!!!"Idldl

 Why does my life have to be this complicated? Why doethis?! Why do I have to be the one to suffer through all oI put my foot on the chair and hugged my knee. It felt likfacing my problems.Percy was right. Maybe I shouldn't have found out everyshould have just let my anger pass. I guess I'm really sommake cry, and that's why problems keep coming my wayI used to be tough, facing fights, but now, I'm crumbling I've just learned. I'm not usually a crying person, but todawas ready to face my problems, but I couldn't even face tBecause I'm weak!I looked at Percy, who was currently staring at me. His e pity, like I was the most mistreated person. I hate being pwhat can I do? I was really mistreated.I was mistreated by the truth, slapped in the face like I wtortured until I cried.Feels like a soap opera, I must be an actress!"Percy..." I called out to him, like I was asking for help.Suddenly, he hugged me. I returned the hug and cried unh

 I thought we would get along, my brother and I, even thodifferent fathers, but it wasn't like that. We could never gI don't know how long we stayed in that position. I only when I felt exhausted. I was still holding on to him, look"Do you want to go home?" He asked me.I shook my head and pulled away from his hug. "I don't w"It's not allowed... You need to—""For what?" I interrupted him. "...So I can be deceived agfool me and make me do what they want?""If you're not going home, where are you going?" He askme.I looked down and fiddled with my fingers. "To your pla"WHAT?!" He asked, shocked. "...Are you out of your mstay with us!"I felt irritated by his words. "Why not?! You and Dad arenot allowed?""Because your Dad isn't here! People might think I'm takthe situation while they're gone!" He replied.

 I grabbed him by the collar and shook him hard. It felt lik pop off."Ouch! Stop—Ouch!" He screamed while holding my ha"I'm not going back there! I don't want to see them!" I sc"T-Tumi—Jay!" He screamed again.I let go of him, and it caused his head to hit the car windoflinch from the pain.I might have gone overboard!"It hurts... Are you going to kill me?" He complained whhead.I suddenly felt guilty, mixed with sympathy for him. I dihim that way. He was still holding the part of his head th"It's not fair!" He said angrily. "...You need to face them their explanation."I looked down. It's true, I need to face my family, but I dready to listen to their explanations."Okay, let's do this." He said, and I looked at him. "...Wharrives, I'll pick you up so you can go home with us."

 He put them back in the brown envelope and tossed it to started the car after cleaning up. I just stared outside the was going through my mind.I was blank on what could happen.I was also blank on what I could do other than leave Aunfelt like a wilted vegetable, lifeless and without the will twere sore, and even without looking, I knew my nose waI think I used up all of Percy's tissues in the car. He handwhile I was hugging him. It was a whole box of tissue pawas empty.He's rich, so he can buy a new one.The sky turned yellow and orange when we reached the crealized how far we had gone until now.The car suddenly turned into a drive-thru. That's when I rwe hadn't even had lunch yet. I suddenly felt embarrasseHe was probably hungry too."Ten Happy Meals..." He told the McDonald's crew. "...AMinion burgers, and... the drinks should be Honey BananHoney Banana float?!

 What will I do with the toys?!The car started moving, and one by one, the crew handedHappy Meal boxes, two bags filled with burgers wrappedand three plastic bags holding the drinks.I couldn't move because Percy piled everything—plastic Meal boxes—on my lap. We started driving again and sto parking area."Let's eat!" He yelled and grabbed a burger.He ate so quickly that he almost choked. I couldn't help bactions, it reminded me of how some people eat so reckleLike the starving ones!I gently closed my eyes and tried to push that thought ougreed of those snakes. How they rush in line just to get foremember them, it brings back memories of us being togwasn't even real.Don't cry!"Eat already... I know you're hungry," Percy said, causingagain.He was holding two burgers now, both with bites taken. TlhAfllhidihjblf

 I kept eating quickly. It felt like I was in some kind of eaglanced at Percy, who was already finishing his second dholding a burger.I almost choked from eating so fast. Sometimes, I didn't  properly. I grabbed a drink and just drank it straight.Shit! Brain freeze...My head hurt from how cold the drink was. I couldn't ev because I was holding a burger in one hand and a drink i"Hahahaha... You eat so much," Percy laughed, bits of fohis mouth.So gross!"I'm so embarrassed of you," I said irritably.I went back to eating and ignored him. He had already finwhile I was on my second. There was only one burger leHe looked at me and smiled mischievously. "I'll take thisalready eaten enough."His hand was already reaching for the burger, but I quickaway."It'iltibit'iY'ldt

 I was already in so much emotional pain, and now he waHe let go of me and immediately took a bite of the burgewas still wrapped.Wow! So, he's not greedy with that kind of behavior?!After biting it, I screamed at him again to take the burgergrab it from me, but I quickly reached for his head to slap"OW!" He screamed loudly, a mix of pain and anger.I unwrapped the burger and took a big bite. He raised an me.While I was chewing, he suddenly looked out the window pointed. I was so confused that I looked too, but suddenl burger out of my hand.I was tricked!"Hey!" I yelled again.I thought he was just going to bite it, but he suddenly lickHe smiled mischievously and tried to give the burger bac"Oh here! Shove it up your chest!" He said while laughinIlookedathimwithdisgustHereallylookedsillywitht

 But even so, I couldn't help but smile. For a moment, I fo problems because of his silliness. But I couldn't let my git was the same before. I became too comfortable with thnotice that they were already deceiving me."Do you still have drinks left?" He asked while trying to the plastic bags.I took a deep breath and handed him the remaining drinkI grabbed one for myself and let him finish the rest.This guy's really something. It's like he's never eaten a buMcDonald's before. After finishing his meal, he started ptoys."Banana! Banana!" He said while playing with one.I suddenly laughed at him. He looked like a kid, and it re-shit! It felt like I was being stabbed when I thought of thI looked away and started cleaning up our mess. I gather plastic bag and went out of the car to throw it in the nearWhen I came back, all the toys were already opened, andwith them.Pfffttt... Childish!

 I felt nervous. A huge part of me didn't want to go home.the people there.As the car kept moving closer to our place, my heart starwanted to open the car door and jump out.But that might hurt... Never mind.When we turned the corner into our street, the car slowedfar away, I could already see the parked cars outside our  people who seemed to be waiting.Shit! What are they doing here?!The nervousness I felt earlier was now mixed with angerlike I didn't want to go home even more. I couldn't undersnakes had to show up here.The car stopped a few houses away from ours. I looked aheard him sigh."I didn't want to face them yet. But..." He looked at me aneed to go home.""Maybe I can go home tomorrow? Maybe because----.""No. We already talked about this, Jay." He said seriouslyanymore.

 Percy held my hand and smiled. He nodded at me as if sayou can get out now." I had no choice but to open the dotrying my best to hide what I was feeling. I also forced m blank expression.This was so hard for me! Hiding the pain in front of the pme.

 Chapter 193: I shall returnJay-jay's POVI'm really not ready to face them yet. The wound is still feverything else—just this morning. But Percy is so persi bang his head against the wall."Jay-jay.""It's Jay-jay.""She's here."They spoke one after another. Their faces were full of coof them tried to approach me but stopped when the driveopened. I saw Felix and David's surprise. The others look probably because they didn't know Percy."K-kuya?" Felix called out to him.Percy smiled at him. "How are you? Did you miss me, KFelix froze, and I could see his lips trembling.ItooktheopportunitywhiletheirattentionwasonPercy

 "Where did you go?" Lola asked me, full of concern."Your classmates have been looking for you since this msaid."What happened? Why did you suddenly leave school?" I didn't answer their questions. I looked at each of them oand Aries were giving me dirty looks. I felt the air in myagain. I took a deep breath to calm myself, but it was poieyes met... Keifer's eyes.Damn it!He had no reaction while standing with his arms crossed sofa. I couldn't tell what he was trying to convey, but I chand at the same time, a tear fell from one of my eyes.I faced Mama, who was clearly angry because of what I "Ma..." I called out to her. "...Am I an illegitimate child?I said it calmly, but their expressions changed drasticallyAries looked different.Mama held my arm, but I immediately pulled it away. Shmouth as if she wanted to say something but couldn't."Whdidhtht?"hkdtlit

 She immediately gave me a sharp look but quickly softenyou talking about?""I'm an illegitimate child because Papa was already marrhim," I said directly.I didn't care if others heard what I was saying. They woueventually. Keifer, especially—he has his ways, right?!Mama took a deep breath. "W-where did you hear that?"tinged with irritation.I didn't answer. We stared at each other for a few secondat the door behind me."Good evening," Percy said as he entered.The reaction of those who knew him in the house was simTita Gema even covered her mouth. Kuya Angelo was utAries' eyebrows almost met in the middle as he greeted h"You've finally shown up," Keifer said."I missed you guys," Percy replied.Even though I couldn't see him, I knew he was smiling. Hme. I glanced at him briefly before turning my attention bwas puzzled by him.

 Percy laughed and looked at me before speaking. "Alive Aries gasped and seemed to be holding back his anger. Hand rubbed his face. It's really shocking when you see sowell whom you thought was dead.Percy faced me and placed his hand on my back. "Is everWhat do you think?!I couldn't answer because it was obvious that everything could feel everyone's gaze on us, full of confusion."Excuse me? Can I know who you are?" Mama asked irr"Sorry... Where are my manners?" Percy extended his haPercy Rey Mariano. Son of Reycee Mariano."Mama's reaction slowly changed. It was as if her earlier qanswered. This only meant that she knew Reycee—PercyMama immediately grabbed my arm and pulled me close pull my hand away, which made her frown."Why are you together?! What do you want with my chilangrily.Percy smiled as if Mama wasn't mad at him. "Nothing, retdtiithibli"

 He smiled and said goodbye to us. Keifer, Yuri, and Ariefollowed him. I didn't know what kind of conversation thhave, but I had a strong feeling it would get messy.When they were completely out of sight, Mama immediaShe grabbed both of my arms tightly."How did you meet that guy?! What did he tell you?!" sh"Jeana..." Tita Gema tried to stop her.I tried to pull my arms away, but her grip only tightened.nails digging into my skin, making it even more painful."Answer me!" she shouted."He came to see me!" I shouted back.Honestly, I wanted to scream, "It hurts!" I was already intightly she was holding me. Her nails were digging deepestarting to sting."What did he tell you?!"I yanked my hand away forcefully. Her nails almost toreaway.It hurt!

 Her gaze was fixed on me. I matched her stare. I knew shand deserved respect, but I couldn't help showing her howher."WHAT ELSE!" she shouted loudly, making me step bac"Why do you even care what he said?!"Suddenly, she grabbed my chin and squeezed it. I could canger in her eyes."Hon! You're hurting the kid!" Andy tried to intervene, bhim.Tears started falling one after another. I was struggling evshouldn't have been. I couldn't breathe even though no oI couldn't move even though there was plenty of space ar"I've had enough of you! Why won't you answer my queangrily, poking me with her finger."Jeana... Let go of Jay-jay. You're hurting her—.""Stay out of this!" Mama cut off Lola."...This is between mother and child!""Were you ever a mother to me?" I asked insultingly.

 Her voice was breaking, and her subsequent slaps lackedwas hitting me all over."Why do you have to make things so hard for me?!"I didn't answer. I just waited for her slaps to land. They hnothing could hurt more than what had already happened"Why did you have to be my mother?" I almost whispere"Jay-jay!" Lola scolded me.I waited for Mama's hand to hit my face again, but it didnand saw tears streaming down her face as if she was shocI didn't feel anything. Maybe I was numb from the pain."Jay-jay... Don't talk to your mother like that," Kuya saidI ignored him. My gaze remained fixed on Mama. It felt one else in the house except the two of us."A teenage mother..." I began. "...a town's wife, and nowtitle are you going to take next?"Another hard slap landed on my face. I almost stumbled cheek went numb from the pain, but my heart hurt even mwho had slapped me.

 "You should've just not given birth to me..." I said softly I'm surrounded by are lies." No one else spoke. I turned away from them and started room. My body felt so exhausted that even taking a step Maybe I was a terrible person in my past life. Now I'm psins. When I reached my room, I just knelt on the floor.I let out all the tears I could. My chest felt tight, as if somsqueezing my heart. It hurt, so much! I felt so alone, likemy side in this house.---**Percy's POV**I love the sound of my car engine, especially when I'm dthe side mirror, I could clearly see their cars following mwas dark.Go ahead... Keep following me!I sped up even more, and Keifer tried to match my speedwindow and glanced at him."Woooohhhhh! Keep up!" I teased him.Hlllddhiiddhiiddlfi

 Keifer and Yuri's car stopped in front of me. Aries' car ancar also stopped. My friends got out, looking like they'd handsomeness—of course, I was the most blessed! The dunfamiliar car also got out.It was David driving, and Felix was with him, giving mesmiled at them while crossing my arms."Percy..." David called out to me."Tsk! Tsk! You don't answer my calls..." I said, shaking mHe glanced at Keifer for a moment. "S-something happen"What the f***?! Am I the only one who didn't know youAries said angrily."We only found out recently," Yuri answered him."But you could've at least told me what you knew!"Aries rubbed his face and took a deep breath. As I expectwouldn't be happy to see me. He struggled a lot when I dhe carried the blame for everything."What makes you show up?" Keifer asked, sounding bor"Stupid question," I muttered, turning to him with a smilfildJj"

 "That's your reason? You couldn't call or send us a messaneeded to leave?" Yuri asked, sounding annoyed.If I was calm earlier, now it felt like I couldn't be anymorit anymore. My head was heating up whenever I saw him"I was paralyzed after 'The accident.' Mom never alloweanyone," I said, slightly irritated.I emphasized the words "the accident" so they would remhappened. It's embarrassing because it feels like I'm the omoved on."What the f*** is your connection with Jay-jay?" Keifer Ugh! Why do I need to explain everything to them?!"Haaayy... Explaining is exhausting," I muttered and stoo"...She's my stepsister. It just so happens that my Mom isDad. I know you're all aware of my story with my Mom."Is that really it? It feels like something else," Yuri said.I gave him a sharp look. "What are you trying to say?""I don't know... Maybe revenge against us?" he said innoI thought I was the one who loved to annoy people, but YiittiBtIld'tlthii

 Shit! I closed my eyes as that night flashed back to me. Ithink about it yet. I couldn't concentrate on what I wante"You can't possibly not be angry at us. How would we kn planning to use Jay—"I suddenly laughed loudly, making Yuri stop talking. The believing what they wanted."I will never do that... I'm not like you," I said, still laughKeifer raised an eyebrow. "Like us?""Yeah..." I suddenly became serious. "...Did you think I dyou did to Jay-jay?"Keifer smiled and looked at David. I had a clue now whyanswering my calls and why his face looked swollen."Your dog is loyal to you..." Keifer said and laughed.I saw David clench his fist. There's nothing Keifer doesnsure to hide my connection with David, but he still caugh"...did you also order your dog to kiss Jay-jay?" Keifer adI didn't react even though I was shocked. Even Yuri, Arieat Keifer and David.

 His face was so annoying, even his red hair. He looked lidamn it!I took a deep breath and looked at Keifer. "To push Keifeshow Jay-jay his true nature."I hope I'm saying the right things. I had no clue what hapsure about what I was saying."Congratulations..." Keifer said and clapped. "...Your dogThat was close! Good thing it didn't happen..."What are you planning now that you're here?" Aries askI smiled at him. "Make up for the hurt I caused and introdad.""That's not going to happen," he replied. "...Stay away frHe didn't wait for me to say anything and immediately gospeeding off. I turned my gaze to Keifer and Yuri."He should have told you that," I said, laughing.They both just shook their heads and got into the car. Thother, leaving David and Felix behind. I smiled at my brohis eyebrows were furrowed.

 Chapter 194: Last cryJay-jay's POVTita kept knocking on my door. I knew they wanted to tachose not to face them. I turned up the volume of the muMy headphones were plugged into my ears. I didn't wantRight now, I only want to listen to rock music.Sigh... It feels like old times.I glanced at my phone when a text message arrived.**From:** Ci-N**Message:** Please come to school...I immediately deleted his message. I hadn't gone to schoolost interest in many things, and that included going to scWhat for? To see them? To see *him*? No way!Sometimes I think about just ending my life, but it's not twant to see and spend time with Papa, even if it's just for

 I pushed him back with all my strength while gripping hihis angry glare."Why?! Did you tell me Papa was nearby?! Did you tell illegitimate child?! DID YOU TELL ME WE'RE SIBLIN back. "...So don't complain! We're even!"His anger toward me intensified. He pushed me back aga but I pushed back. We ended up looking like kids shovin"STOP IT!" Kuya Angelo shouted loudly and immediateus. Tita Gema followed, trying to calm us down. They foKuya stood between us, blocking us with his arms. I stilleyes off Aries."Explain yourself, Aries," Kuya ordered calmly.He didn't answer, keeping his angry gaze on me. If Kuyatime, we might have started throwing punches.Even if he's my sibling!I wouldn't hesitate to make his nose bleed. After all, he areason for all my suffering now. I just want to get back a just one punch."What's going on?" Mama suddenly interjected, looking arrived. "...Why is the doorknob like this?"

 I quickly took a shower and got ready. When I came out they were gone, and the door was closed—but the doorkn broken.Aries must have really lost it to barge in here and confronThey're really all friends—they're all crazy.But Percy is crazier.I was wearing my school uniform, but I brought a change bag. I pretended I was going to school so they wouldn't adidn't want to go to school. What would I do there?!Act all cute?!After changing, I went downstairs, and Lola was the first"I'm going to school," I said and walked past her.I heard her softly call my name, but I kept walking. Her shurt. It hurt because she was the one I expected to give mMaybe I pushed her patience too far, and I really was beiI looked up at the sky and took a deep breath. I was tired before it could start again, I stopped it.Itwouldbeniceiftearsturnedintopearlswhentheyfell

 "Miss..." the cashier called out to me. "...I can't sell this tstudent."Oh, come on!"Are you serious?!" I asked sarcastically.I was starting to get irritated by what she said. A student?many students in uniform here buying alcohol."I'm sorry," she said and was about to take the two bottleI gave her a sharp look. My insides were heating up—I nI NEEDED THIS?!"What if I punch your face and make it bleed? Will you sI saw the shock on her face. She let go of the bottle she w"Miss... I-it's really not allowed," she said pleadingly."How annoying—!""Miss!" someone called from behind me. "...I'll pay for thI raised an eyebrow at him. I didn't know if it was a coinc been looking for me and found me here at the Mini Mart"IknowI'mhandsomebutnoneedtostarelikethat"he

 I didn't answer him. I just took the things he paid for andto sit at. I ate first because my stomach was really emptyWhen I finished, I turned to the alcohol. I stared at it inteinstant, the bottle cap suddenly popped off.Oohhh... The power of staring.Just kidding! Percy opened it without me noticing. He sasmiling as he looked at me."What time are you planning to go to school?" he asked.I took a drink while looking at him. Argh! It burned my t"I-I'm not going," I answered without enthusiasm."Then why are you in uniform?""So they won't ask questions."He chuckled slightly. "That's bad!"I glared at him sharply—sharp enough to cut. This guy isdidn't contact me for days, and now he's teasing me."I don't know about you... You're such a pain!"HesuddenlylaughedloudlyevenslappingthetableIgo

 I just facepalmed. He's really something.Can I request another sibling? It's okay if it's a girl, as lonthink like this. Someone normal and mature, not this abnimmature one.Please... One more sibling! Someone normal to talk to!"Never mind... I might get annoyed and smash this bottlesaid and stood up.I left the Mini Mart and let him be alone. I knew he'd folis!"Where are we going?" he asked from behind me.See?!"I don't know..." I muttered and started walking away.Honestly, even though he's like this—acting like an idiothere. For a moment, I forget my problems, even if he's a I stopped when I noticed something across the street. The being all sweet while walking. I don't know why, but I thsomething break."Shit! I hit the window!" Percy shouted and suddenly grattdi

 What a pain!I just shook my head while looking for a bench to sit on. for a bit but stopped when I noticed something.A guy in a sweatshirt and a Superman hoodie, wearing a seemingly jogging.I-it's Keifer.My feet automatically moved toward him, but I immediawould I approach him?I admit there's a part of me that wants to see him. I havenfor two days, so I haven't seen him for two days. What hecan't deny—I still have feelings for him!"Hey... Why?" Percy asked me and also looked at what I"...Ahh."My eyes blurred with tears. They started falling uncontroI hope you turn into pearls this time!It hurts so much! It hurts that I believed he loved me too.said. Because it felt real, I could feel it. The way he lookme. When he kissed me and hugged me. It felt real to me"P"IlldthiltilltitKifh

 I took a deep breath and looked back in Keifer's directionfar from us.I don't want to assume because I might get hurt. But if I dwon't know the truth. I walked toward Keifer's direction."Hey! Where are you going?" Percy asked as he followed"I just want to answer my question," I replied and walked"Are you sure about this? Maybe it's just the alcohol talkIf it's the alcohol, then it's fine. At least I have the courag just for now, I want to answer my question.Do you love me too?Even after all their lies. Even if it was just for a moment,his mind or did he ever feel it? Maybe it's possible, like wWhile following him, I didn't notice that he was already hwas already at their gate when he stopped. He took off hihis hands on his hips."Next time you follow me, make sure I don't notice you,"turning to face us.He really knows everything!

 Suddenly, Percy entered the gate of Keifer's house. Yes, howned the place.How bold! Nice!"Hey!" Keifer shouted at him and immediately followed "I need to use the bathroom!" Percy replied, quickly runnhouse.I had no choice but to go inside too. I was left outside aloKeifer was standing near me, holding his temples."When your stepbrother comes out, you should leave," hstarted to walk away.Wait... I can't waste this opportunity."Keifer!" I called out to him, and he stopped. "...I just wasomething."He turned to face me and waited for me to speak. His gazit made my knees feel weak. I tried to stay strong, but I fto collapse."What is it?""Ijustwanttoknow"Itookadeepbreath"afterever

 "You followed me just to ask that?" he asked, laughing. "this."He was even shaking his head while saying it. I wanted t because I already knew the answer, but my knees and feecooperating.Shit! A little cooperation, please!"Let me guess... You expected that maybe I developed fewhile I was fooling around with you?"I couldn't answer. I didn't want to hear what he was abou"What a damn!" he added, laughing loudly. "...This is nomovie. Falling for you or realizing that I love you in the revenge will never happen."Damn it!I didn't want to hear this! Enough! Please! I don't want tohave come here."So that's how good I am at acting. I fooled you!" He waHe started walking toward me slowly. His smiling face wready to do anything harmful."Jtthiltkitlt"H

 He smirked. "If you had just given yourself to me during probably would have learned the truth earlier. If you hadup then, the plan would have worked." He crossed his armup and down. "...Such a shame, the other half of Section the bet."A bet?!His smile widened when he saw that I had no idea what habout. He moved even closer to me, causing me to step b"Come to think of it... The bet isn't over." Suddenly, he waround my waist. "...Why don't we finish what was interrYear?"One of his hands gripped my jaw tightly. I shut my eyes tried to push him away, but he only pulled me closer to h"L-let me go," I pleaded, but he just stared at me."I know you want it," he said, and he kissed me violentlyI cried even more at what he did. This wasn't how it was This wasn't the kiss he gave me. I was in pain, and it felt reminding me that he could easily do this to me.I felt disrespected by what he was doing. He was losing ahi'hifldhhhh

 I aimed for his jaw on purpose.He fell! Even though my vision was blurry from my tearand followed up with another punch. I was on top of him punch.My fist landed on his face several times, and his nose and bleeding, but my tears still fell non-stop.I stopped when I saw the way he was looking at me.There was no life in his eyes...I cried even louder. My tears fell onto his face, mixing wstared into his eyes, wanting him to see how much his aconly his conscience could eat him up and never let him sI noticed a tear fall from the corner of his eye.Impossible!I immediately got off him. I glared at him as he slowly saface, which was covered with my tears and blood.Those are my tears, not his!He's not going to cry for me. He won't do that! I saw Perthe house. I quickly walked away, but before I could leavtfKifltti

 But of course, misfortune struck again. I tripped and almface.I stopped and sat down because of the fear I felt. That moreason for all the pain I had been holding back.I felt like a child who lost their toy. I kept crying."Aaaaaahhhhhh!!!" I screamed as I punched my chest.It hurt so much!Why did I even hope?! I'm so stupid. Why do I even likeeven a crybaby. I feel so weak and stupid."Jay..." Percy called me softly as he slowly knelt in frontIt's enough now."Instead of calming down, I cried even louder. I tightly hudidn't want to cry anymore, I was so tired. I was so sick oshedding tears that would never become pearls.This is really the end!I won't cry for you anymore, never again. I won't waste ayou. You're an animal, the king of the Demon Snakes.

 Chapter 195: Old Jay-jayJay-jay's POVThe music was loud, so loud that I couldn't hear what Pe just stared at him while he kept talking. Was he really say just looked like his mouth was opening and closing."WHAT?" I asked him.He leaned in closer to me and spoke again, but I couldn'tshot him a glare.His mouth just kept moving, but no sound came out! Dam"Idiot! I'll kick you!" I threatened him, and he laughed loAt least I could hear his laugh. If not, this guy would be swas really enjoying making fun of me."WOOOOOHHHHH!!" The crowd screamed loudly as ton.We were at Kingsground now, in the disco section, not thPercy had brought me here, saying it was a good place toupemotions

 entered, Tiger was standing next to the large glass windothe people below.Unlike downstairs where the music was blasting, it was chere."Boss," said the bouncer, and Tiger turned to face us.What the hell?!This guy really knows how to dress. He was wearing shoumbrella design, beachwalk sandals, and a faded tank tophuge sun hat on.His outfit was screaming summer vibes!"Jay-jay!" He greeted me, about to hug me.I immediately stepped back when I saw the jungle-like sthair. Yuck! I wish he'd trim it at least. It was disgusting to"What? Don't worry, I smell good even though I haven't laughing.So gross!"You haven't changed, Tiger," Percy chimed in, so Tiger'to him.

 "Percy," he corrected again, but Tiger kept laughing.What an idiot!I glanced at the large mirror. The people on the dance flohappy. They were dancing to the loud music, enjoying thhad no cares in the world.I wish I could be happy like them. I envy them. I want toany problems.Everything seemed alive. People were dancing on the stakissing in the corners, and others were dancing like therearound.I wish I could be happy like that too.But after everything that happened to me, I don't know iflike them. It feels like I'm drowning in sadness, pain, andThe people I considered family lied to me. The people atme, and most of all, the person I thought loved me used mI don't know if I can ever be happy again after everything"...We should talk for a bit." Tiger said, and I looked at ththe best alcohol." He ordered the bouncer.Thbiditlliditbit

 "You can... But you can't drink," Percy answered.What's that supposed to mean? What do I do down there "What do you mean 'can't'?!" Tiger asked, annoyed. "...Lalcohol's on the house for her!"I almost clapped from excitement. Finally! It's not every alcohol.It's my lucky day!He signaled the bouncer, and the man quickly left. I left mPercy and walked straight to the bar area.With so many people, it took me forever to get to my desinto people here and there, and some pushed me around. from it.When I finally got to the bar, I sat on a stool. The bartendeyebrow as he looked at what I was wearing. Oh right, I uniform."Costume," I said to the bartender.He just nodded, though it was obvious he didn't believe m bouncer whispering something to the bartender.Thbtdlkdtbfddidib

  problems only to get hurt in the end.I had enough!"What do you want to drink?" The bartender asked.I didn't know much about alcohol. I only knew San Miguseemed like they didn't have that here. Their drinks weredidn't recognize any of them."The drink you give to heartbroken people?" I asked, unThe bartender shook his head, smiling at what I said. Howhat they give their customers? I didn't know anything aHe took out a shot glass and filled it with alcohol. He hansmiling.Is this it? With how small it is, what effect does this haveI looked at the other customers, all holding the same kinddrank it down quickly. I mimicked the way they held thedrank it just as fast.Holy crap! Ugh!I swallowed it straight down, and it felt like I drank fire. throat and chest. I closed my eyes because the taste was s

 She was still right next to me, staring at me. I was startinwith her. I gave her a glare, hoping she'd feel it and leaveI want to punch you!"What?" She asked innocently. "...Keep drinking, don't mI did what she suggested. I quickly drank the shot glass, a burning sensation hit my throat, the alcohol searing throuAfter swallowing the shot, I glanced at the woman besideShe was still staring, smiling. It seemed like she had no ime alone."Do you need something?" I asked, a bit annoyed.She chuckled lightly. "You're funny to watch drinking."Huh?I raised an eyebrow. She must be really drunk. Maybe shshe decided to mess with me. I was about to tell her to lecame up and put his arm around her.She immediately pushed him away and shoved him hard"She's acting shy again, bro!" said the guy who was withputhisarmaroundher

 Shit!I quickly removed the hand that was almost touching mylook at the asshole who did that. The guy who had put hiwoman was now standing in front of me, grinning widely"Fighting back..." said the guy behind him, laughing alonI looked at the woman next to me. She was on the verge desperately trying to push the guys away from her."Shit! You're a high school student?" The guy in front of Oh no... Elementary!"HVIS student," said one of the guys. "...I heard the studschool are wild."My brows furrowed at what they said. Wild?! What do thThey all smiled widely. Six of them, who had just been hwoman beside me, were now doing the same to me."Stop bothering us! Just leave!" the woman next to me sathem away."Shut up, Savannah!" The guy in front of me said, then lo"Are you alone? Want us to keep you company?"

 "Of course. Anywhere you want," the guy in front of me I smiled back at him and held my shot glass with one han"Even to heaven?"They laughed and exchanged glances before answering m"Why not? If that's what you want."Perverts! These guys...I smiled again at him and got ready. "Why don't you go fYou're done for! Damn it!Before he could answer, I poured the shot into his face. Pface, so I took the chance to kick him in the chest."Shit!" they shouted.People around us immediately looked at us. Some didn't doing their own thing.Just dance!"O.M.G." Savannah, who was still by my side, said. "...Tawesome."

 She's still here?!"...Thank you for saving me. I'm Savannah Shane, by theintroduced herself, extending her hand.I didn't want to acknowledge her, but from the looks of itgoing to keep bothering me. I shook her hand."Jay-jay." I answered flatly.I was about to ask for another drink, but this woman keptstarted talking about those guys who harassed us."...Those guys are so annoying... Anyways, thanks again"I didn't save you." I interrupted her. "...I just made those because they were a disturbance."She shrugged and kept talking. I didn't respond, just stariglass. The alcohol still hadn't kicked in, and I was still oufeeling the weight of everything that had happened.My heart was still broken!"Why are you so quiet?" Savannah asked, right in front oYes! Right in front of my face. I moved a little away becawkward. I was starting to feel weirded out by her.

 She laughed again. "What is your problem?" I looked at "...Well, obviously, you wouldn't be drinking like that if y problem."Obviously?! She's so persistent."There's nothing wrong." I said almost in a whisper, but it."It's okay, you can tell me. We're friends now----."What?!I quickly cut her off. "Friends? When did that happen?"She laughed again. "Just earlier."I was starting to get annoyed with her. It was like she didwant to talk and just wanted to drink.What the hell, girl?!"...So tell me, what's your problem? School? Family? OrI turned away from her last words. That's a bad word, baShe laughed again and even started hitting me playfully.Just a little more! I'll punch you!

 They spoke for a while before the bartender moved. He gmixed it with something before shaking it.It seemed like they were preparing poison for me.After mixing everything, he poured the concoction into t placed it in front of me. I looked at the bartender and Savstill smiling at me."What is this?" I asked, a little irritated."This is 'Broken Hearted Medicine.' I discovered it myse"...And don't worry, you won't get drunk from this."I pointed at the shot glass. "What's the point of this if it ddrunk?"She laughed again. "Just try it!"I just wanted this girl to shut up. It was too late, and I wa back to Percy to go somewhere else. My head was alreadof this woman.I quickly drank the contents. I squinted my eye because osour, bitter, and minty. But unlike before, it didn't burn in"Okay, I drank it-----."WhtthFdib!

 She didn't answer, so I opened my eyes. It felt like sometthrough my body. My senses woke up, and I felt so stronShit!It felt like I had drunk ten cups of coffee. My heartbeat wI looked around, and everything seemed so beautiful. Thloud, and it made me want to dance."What's the feeling?" Savannah asked with a smile.I smiled too without realizing it. "Shit! This wakes you uEven though nothing was funny, I felt so happy. She ordthat I had earlier. She drank it and suddenly stood up."Let's enjoy this night!" She shouted.She grabbed my hand and pulled me toward the middle oWhen we stopped, the music got even louder. I smiled w people dancing.I want that too!Even though I didn't know the dance steps, I kept dancinhands and just kept moving."Woooooohhhhhh!!!"Ishouted"Partyanimal!"

 Why do I feel like I'm forgetting something?! Hahahahah"Savannah!" I called to my dancing partner. "...Did I forgShe nodded. "You forgot to find a date!"A date?! Is that it?! That's easy!I looked around. I'll just find someone to drag along. Oneattention. He was handsome and looked serious while staTarget acquired!He was standing in the middle of many people. He wasn just standing there, staring at me. I bit my lower lip.I was about to walk toward him when Savannah suddenlyaround me. It seemed like she saw who I was eyeing."That's a player." She whispered and laughed. "...His namDamn it!Everything suddenly flashed back to me. The reason whywound I was trying to heal. The words he said. The pain go away again!I want that feeling again! I want that drink I had earlier!

 "Please...""Miss! I really----.""Give it to her, Kuya!" Savannah cut in, following me.The bartender sighed deeply. He grabbed the same drinkWhen he put it in front of me, I drank it right away.Shit! Here we go again!"Let's go!" Savannah called.We went back to the middle and continued dancing. The different from earlier. My senses were sharper. My heartbfaster.I felt like I was the only one, even though there were so mwas like I was the only one dancing, even though everyohitting me. The heat was crazy, even though the breeze w"WOOOOOHHHH!!!" I shouted. "...Disco! Disco! GoodSavannah laughed beside me while we kept dancing. I colaughing for no reason. We probably looked crazy, but wUnstoppable happiness!IlookedataguycomingtowardusHewasstaringatme

 His tone was a bit sarcastic, but I just smiled and noddedSuddenly, his smile disappeared, and he got serious. "Enjgo! I'll take you home!" He said, annoyed.Huh! This guy's crazy! His mood changed so fast!"Why would I go with you?! I don't even know you!" I aThen he suddenly slapped me on the head. I grabbed myforce of it. I felt dizzy!"There! Do you remember now?!" he asked angrily.I was almost in tears from the pain in my head. I thought pass out. I looked at him angrily, and when the light hit hremembered!"P-Percy?!""My slap works!" He boasted. "...Let's go!""I don't want to yet!""You're going home, or you're going home?!"This is so annoying! I was enjoying myself!

 Chapter 196: Keifer's planJay-jay's POVAaaarrrrgggghhhhh!!!!My head hurts so much! I didn't even drink last night, buis worse than a hangover. I hit my head, hoping it would out the pain I'm feeling.But it didn't work. I'm writhing in bed. Damn it! If this isdrinking that stuff, I'm never drinking it again.It really hurts!I heard a knock on my bedroom door."Jay..." It was Aunt Gema's voice. "...Get up. You're goinschool.""O-okay!" I replied.I forced myself to get up even though my head felt like it pillow. I walked to the bathroom and felt the heaviness oIfeltsoexhaustedandsick.Isatbackdownonthebed,m

 I forced myself to move properly. I went straight to the bshower, hoping it would clear my head and make the pailong time because I was moving so slowly.After showering and getting ready, I went out. Aunt Gem person I saw in the living room."Are you going to school now?" she asked. No. I'm going home. Going home!"I might be late," I lied.She nodded with a smile. "Take care."I didn't reply and just walked out of the house. I could seAunt Gema's eyes. I don't blame her; I've been distant frohappened.Grandma had already left the house. She didn't say goodbwasn't around when my brother took her. It's sad that shetalking about the time she slapped me.She always had an explanation for me whenever she hurtto hear it, despite what happened. I don't want to hold anher.I stopped by the pharmacy to buy medicine. My head wa

 "What is it?""Do you have medicine for a broken heart?" I asked serioShe looked confused and a little embarrassed. "N-no, we"Medicine for the broken-hearted?""None either.""Medicine for someone who's about to go crazy from thethat?"She chuckled a little while shaking her head.She laughed at me, what a jerk!I took out some money and handed it to her. Useless pha pharmacy because it's supposed to sell medicine, but themedicine I'm looking for.JUST CLOSE DOWN ALREADY!After getting what I bought and my change, I went straigMart. I bought water and food since I hadn't eaten breakfWhile eating, someone sat on the bench across from me. smiling at me like an idiot.

 "For what?""I knew you weren't listening last night! I told you we're said, sounding annoyed.I don't remember him saying anything like that!"W-where are we going?"He scratched his head in frustration. "The amusement paI don't feel like it. There's something about that place tharather go somewhere else."I-I have school," I lied as an excuse."Stop pretending, you don't even study," he said bluntly, This jerk! It's too early to be pissing me off!"You found out?!" I asked angrily."Of course. Who do you think I am?" he replied with a wIt's probably because of David. That guy's a snitch! Whyreport everything? It's so annoying! I feel like every movwatched.IjustglaredathimandcontinuedeatingAftertakingthe

 I know he's aware of what I've been doing at school, especlasses. I'm just lucky I haven't faced him yet."He's here," Percy said, making me look at him.The who?! The who?!"Who?"Before he could answer, the bell at the Mini Mart door rasomeone had entered or left. I glanced over and saw one  blame for all the problems in my life walking in.David, with his fancy instincts!"What are you doing here?!" I asked angrily as he approaHe looked down and avoided eye contact. But I'll admit, easier. I thought it was Kuya Angelo. This Percy guy is salways in sync with my thoughts."Relax... You're too hot," Percy said, standing up. He taparm and nodded.David sat down in front of me, but I kept my angry glareDavid, feel it!If only I could have lasers installed in my eyes—I wouldtiThd""i'thtdibh

 "And then what?! You'll use this chance to fool me again"I have no reason to do that," he said calmly.I paused. He had a point there; he really doesn't have a reUnless he wants my forgiveness.I tried to pull my arm away, but he tightened his grip."Let go. I'll scream," I threatened.I looked around, and honestly, we were the only ones theMini Mart crew members. So if I screamed—it wouldn't "Look... I'm sorry. I'm sorry if I kissed you."Holy crap!It felt like I was slapped by his words. Why did he have tthat? That's one of the reasons, one of the reasons for theI sat back down in front of David. His eyes were sad as h"I'm sorry for everything. For lying to you and for kissin"...I know you won't accept it, but I'm willing to take a chQuestions had been forming in my mind since that night.chance, I wanted answers. Like he said, he's willing to taknowhe'swillingtoanswermyquestions

 Why, David?!Why did I kiss her that night? Maybe because of her eyeMaybe because of her lips that she kept biting. Maybe beadvantage of the situation.Maybe because I wanted her.Her eyes were full of blame as she looked at me now. It wholding me responsible for what happened that night. Buone who should be blamed.I couldn't answer. I didn't know how to explain it to her."Do you have feelings for me?" she asked next.Yes, I do!I wanted to shout that out, but I couldn't. I looked away f before facing her again."I don't," I answered, looking into her eyes. "...I don't havyou.""But why did you kiss me?!" she asked angrily.Because I f*cking like you, and I'm starting to fall for yo"IneededtopushKeifertotheedgetobringoutthetruth

 She fell silent for a moment, as if thinking. Keifer was fuHe almost killed me because of what I did. He was just awhen he found out the truth. Kit almost went into a comahim so long to wake up."I'm sorry, Jay. We really didn't join that plan because weat the time. But we kept everything a secret and hid it froexplained.I still remember the day I came back. After the mess betwFreya, I returned to the regular class.*Flashback...*"Who?" I asked."Jay-jay," Drew replied. "...We have a bet. Want to join?"That girl.I didn't think it was a good idea, especially since Jay-jay did save her from the bucket of mud and worms, but I sti"I'm not interested," I said, leaning back to sleep, but som"...What?""W-well..." Ci-N stammered, fidgeting with his fingers. "you something."

 I took him to the side of the room under the tree. It wouldtalk there, so I brought him here."Ouch!" he complained. "...What are we doing here?""Talking," I said bluntly. "...I don't agree with their plan, anything about it.""Because... I feel sorry for Jay-jay," he said, pouting."We don't have a choice. Keifer's been possessed by a decan't go against what he wants.""What are we going to do?"I looked at him, confused. "We?""Yeah. You're against the plan too, right?" he said, his eywe'll make our own plan. We'll be like Jay-jay's bodygua blah blah blah."Your imagination is the limit!I couldn't even speak because of everything he was sayinmentioned being a "spy" and having spy gadgets. I just shis antics."Look, Ci-N... There's nothing we can do. We can chooselbt'tkithKifillft

 Ci-N can't disobey Keifer. He can't even fight back. If it fight him again, but this guy, with how small he is, one kover.I patted his head, and we went back to the room. He folloentered, everyone was in chaos."She'll give in eventually... It's Keifer we're talking aboutarrogantly."What if she doesn't? She seems tough!" Denzel replied."I'm betting 1000, she'll give in!" Rory shouted."2000 for me!" Edrix added."1500, she won't give in!" Drew chimed in."My bet's the same as before!" Eman said.I just shook my head. They planned it, and now they're balready feel sorry for Jay-jay. What's going to happen to *End ofFlashback...*If only I knew this would happen. If only I knew it wouldmuch. If only I knew... I would've fought Keifer. I wouldtruth sooner. I would've defended her against the whole S

 Those words were enough. She's still the soft-hearted girstill our Jay-jay.I took something out of my pocket and handed it to her. Ifrom Ci-N. She looked at me for a moment before openin"Birthday party?" She looked at me again. "...What is thi party?"I chuckled a little. Ci's invitation had a childish design. " birthday party. Feb. 14, and he wants you to be there."I told him we'd meet. He wanted to come, but I stopped hwe wouldn't be able to talk properly because of him.I saw the sadness in Jay's eyes. I'm sure she misses Ci-N "I-I don't know if I can go," she said, trying to hand the iI stopped her."You still have one week to think about it. I know you'rehe didn't want that plan either." I smiled and stood up. ".have class."She looked up when she heard the word "class." I knew sgoing to school. Who could blame her? After everythingmight not even go back to school either."killkdf"ddddl

 "Maybe in the future, when things are better, I might eveover," he added with a smile.I smiled back. "Maybe."He just nodded and went back into the Mini Mart. I walkcar and got in.I understand Percy. That's why he doesn't want me to hav jay. Her situation is too messy right now, especially sincetruth about who she is.I pity and admire her at the same time. She remains stand problems. And that's the Jay-jay we know.The Jay-jay I like. It's just a shame that I met her in such situation. If only she weren't Aries' sister. If only Keifer honly Yuri hadn't manipulated her. If only our classmates If only...If only I could fight for you, but I can't.

 Chapter 197: Back Attack Jay-jay's POVThis Percy guy is really something! So pushy. He really that damn amusement park even though I didn't want to."I'll just get my car," he said before quickly running off.The parking in front of the Mini Mart is small, so he ofteaway. I was left standing there, pacing back and forth.I couldn't get David's words out of my head. Damn it! It Keifer might actually have feelings for me because he wDavid did.How could that happen?! He doesn't even have feelings fHe's probably just acting. Give him an Oscar—he's betteDiCaprio. How embarrassing! Now I'm starting to have hope again. I'll just end up hopiThen I'll cry again, but my tears won't turn into pearls—teye gunk!WhilestillwaitingforPercyInoticedagroupofmenen

 I didn't hear the rest of what they said because they had aMini Mart. But the name Savannah stuck in my head. Wthat before?Savannah Shane!Crap! Last night! Why am I becoming so forgetful? Whaguy who was talking earlier looked like the one I kicked I'm in trouble!I looked around, hoping to see where Percy was. Why is Where on earth did he go? I can't stay here for long.I decided to go look for Percy. I don't even have his phonguy!I was about to walk away when someone suddenly grabbglared at them, but my expression turned to shock when What bad luck!"Look at this..." the guy I kicked in the chest said arrogan just talking about you, and here you are, right in front ofI tried to pull my arm away. His grip wasn't tight, so he lturned around and was about to run, but someone blockeItdbkdlidthhdddTh

 "I'm not in the mood to argue. Can you just move out of calmly."What if we don't?" the one in front of me replied."Then I'll have to force you," I threatened, cracking my kBut nothing happened, so they all laughed. My bones didannoying!They all raised their hands and cracked their knuckles onswallowed hard. I wasn't ready to fight!They laughed and exchanged glances. I needed to get ouintention of getting beaten up by them.I looked at each of them. The one with his back to the rotook a deep breath and pushed him hard. As he fell, I ran"Damn it! Chase her!" one of them shouted.I just kept running. I didn't know where I was going. I juaway from them.Damn it!Where's my bravery now? I must've left it at home. So anIheldmyheadwhenIfeltasharppainIthoughtthepai

 This is Percy's fault! He's taking so long. He's just gettingacting like it's a limousine. At this point, I feel like his ca because of how long it's taking.I couldn't hear the guys anymore; they must've moved faabout to peek out, but I didn't need to. The five of them wstanding in front of me, tired from running."Hehe... Hi," I said.Two of them suddenly grabbed me. They held me tightlytheir leader."You made it hard for us! Did you really think you couldsaid angrily, wiping the sweat from his chin."What's it to you?! Who are you?!" I shouted at him.I knew he was the one I kicked in the chest. But I didn't rHow was I supposed to know who he was!"After you kicked me last night! Now you're asking whoJust answer the question already!"Huh?""This girl is really a show-off! What are we going to do athhldiid

 The person I trusted and loved hurt me.They all seemed confused by what I said. They looked atwaiting for an answer from one another. They're so slowWhile they were busy thinking about what I said, I felt thone of them. I quickly pulled my arm away, and threw anlanded right on the jaw of the one holding me.Ippo Makonotsi!I quickly turned to the other guy holding me. You could face, and it took him a while to notice my fist coming towHe let go of me, and fell straight down. The leader of the both surprised and angry. I don't know why, but suddenlyfrom high school in him. It felt like I was back in the dayfighting at Holy Saints High School."You messed with the wrong person," I said in a deadpanI stepped closer to them, and they stepped backward withmade. My body was heating up. It felt like I wanted moremore. My body was craving the pain and excitement of aThe fear and courage mixing in my chest."Dammit!" the leader yelled as he charged toward me.

 We are easy to break, fragile, and easy to shatter. That's pguy was able to manipulate me.Damn it! I remembered him again.My fists were clenched tightly. They tightened even morme mixed with my anger."You bastards!" I yelled and rushed toward them.But damn, guys are really idiots. They both tackled me.THEY PUSHED ME! Damn it! I'm a woman! You shoul"Damn it! Why are you pushing me?! That hurts!""Is this girl crazy?!" one of them said.You look crazy!"Hey!" someone shouted.We all turned to look at them. One word: perfect timing."Why did you push my sister?!" Percy asked angrily."Do you want to see what she did to our friends?!" one osaid, pointing at his knocked-out companions.

 "Per----." I didn't get to finish what I was saying as he spkicked the one guy still standing right in the face.I don't want to mention his name, but... it was Keifer's mThere was only one left, and it looked like he was about know whether to run or fall to the ground. Even I couldnstunned by Percy's action.I shouldn't be thinking about this, but it was like I saw thSometimes, it's Aries. Sometimes, it's Yuri. And now, it's It's like Ci-N too sometimes!The three guys who hurt me badly seem to have become own personality, but if I'm seeing them in him... should IWhile he was busy with the last guy, I slowly walked awsomething strange. I wasn't comfortable.They're not all the same, but I don't know. I don't know alosing my mind—argh!Suddenly, something hit me in the back of the neck. I felfeeling weak and unable to stand. I tried to see who did istarted to darken until I heard a voice."Ni!W'thiilfid!"

 I walked around the area where I last saw her, but there wshadow of her.I should really get her a new cellphone so I can call her. Iher current phone.I know there's something off with her phone!I went back to the Mini Mart, but she wasn't there either.get worried. This is not so freaking good!"Where are you?" I whispered to myself.I immediately went back to the place where we fought eafought were no longer there. I ran for a bit, but even therher.I encountered three kids on the way. I immediately approI was hoping they had seen Jay-jay."Hi, can I ask you something?" I greeted them.You could clearly see they were scared because of how sapproached them.Did they get scared of me with my good looks?!"IjustwanttoaskifyousawagirlhereearlierShewas

 I saw their expressions change. They even brought their  phone, as if examining Jay-jay's face."It's her!" one of them shouted. "She's the one we saw!""W-where did you see her?""Over there!" one of them pointed to a spot near where I was sleeping!"Sleeping?!"That's her! They're putting her in a van with those guys!What the heck?!"Thanks!" I said and immediately ran back to my car.Once I got in, I quickly dialed David's number. I need heto find her on my own.Who was that? Who put her in the van?++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++Yuri's POVI miss her!

 Poor Keifer! You're really torturing yourself!I returned my gaze to the front, where I saw David and Ctwo are always together now. It's like they've distanced threst of Section E because of what they've been doing.I sighed deeply. If only I had realized my feelings for herhad been brave enough to confront Keifer. If only I had tMaybe things wouldn't have ended up like this.We're all regretting it now. We're all in pain.We all looked toward the door.Suddenly, Percy walked in?"Hey David!" he shouted angrily. "...Why aren't you answDavid looked at him confusedly and took his phone out owas on silent, sorry."Percy looked like he was in a hurry, obviously restless. Hnot knowing what was happening."What the hell are you doing here?" Keifer asked calmlyHe finally speaks!

 "What's going on with you?" David asked again."Jay-jay is missing." Percy replied quickly, alarming all Keifer."What?!""Maybe she just went somewhere!""Oh, maybe she went home!"Percy shook his head, looking like he couldn't believe whHe paced around."You were with her! Why don't you know where she is?!He suddenly faced me and pointed at my face. "Don't lec"What the hell happened?!" Felix asked."She suddenly disappeared... I just finished the fight she she was gone." Percy explained irritably.He was fighting?! This is not good.I looked at Keifer, who still hadn't changed his expressiodidn't care about what was happening. Like he didn't care"Aren'tyougoingtodoanything?!"Iaskedangrily

 +639*********Message:We have your precious girl. Same place in 30 mins or yoin our bed. HahaI tightened my grip on the phone. Another message camewas a picture of Jay-jay unconscious.Damn it! Why now?!

 Chapter 198: No carePercy's POV"Speed up!" Felix shouted in my ear."Wait! I'm on it!" I shout back.If we weren't in such a hurry right now, I might have scoHe's starting to lose respect for me.I'm your older brother, dude!"There's Keifer!" Calix shouted from the backseat.I spotted his car. He was driving so fast, as if there were road."Faster, Percy!" Felix shouted again.Percy?!My eyebrows furrowed at what he said. "Hey! Where's th brother)?""Like how much I care about you... It's gone," he answer

 "Solid burn," Calix whispered.I smirked slightly. Not because I wanted to show I won. like it when my siblings lose respect for me.I can't blame Felix, though. A lot happened when I was gI just showed up. He even thinks I lied to them.I saw Yuri's car cutting me off. This guy's really testing mI turned my attention back to Keifer's car. He was still wSuddenly, he turned left without signaling. The car behinand stopped, causing a traffic jam."Why now?!" I shouted.Even Yuri and David's cars had to stop. Keifer's car disapsight.Damn it!++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++**Jay-jay's POV**"Guess where we are?" one of them teased.Damn it! This guy's been messing with me for a while nooftheseropesandblindfoldhe'sthefirstoneI'mpunchi

 "Knock it off, A," said another guy. His voice was deepeone bothering me."It's just so dull," replied the guy called A. "...AHA!"I flinched at his sudden shout. He was closer than I thougnext to me.He almost deafened me! Jerk!"Let me check your stuff, okay?" he said.I still didn't respond. He won't find anything in my bag. Isense my surroundings, but this blindfold is making me uI hate the dark!"Are you really a student? You only have one notebook! and—oh! A cellphone!"This guy must be from the mountains. It's like he's never before. Good luck trying to unlock it. My password's stro"What's the password?" A asked me.I could feel his presence right beside me. I stayed silent, touching my cheek. I turned my face away, but his hand "Yourskin'ssosmooth"hesaidandIfelthisbreathon

 "Stop messing around," replied the deep-voiced guy, K.  back soon. He might get mad."What is this? The alphabet? A, K, and Z?I heard the sound of a door opening. The hinges soundedoil. It was so loud and heavy."What are you doing, A?" someone asked."He's being annoying!" another replied.I felt like a lot of new people had arrived. I wasn't wrongsound of their footsteps, there seemed to be many of themchatter among them."I was just asking for the password to her cellphone," A rYeah, and with some groping! You jerk!"Put it back," a guy ordered.A didn't say anything else, so he probably returned my phwere getting noisy as they chatted.I felt the presence of someone near me again. I became athought they might touch me like A did earlier."Z!ShouldIremovetheblindfold?"aguyaskedwhoIt

 most likely... goodbye, v-card!I need to get out of here!"W-what do you need from me?" I asked, almost in a whI heard footsteps approaching me. I felt another person stme."Your boyfriend," the person in front of me, who I think "...I haven't gotten my revenge on him yet.""He's not my boyfriend," I quickly replied.I heard some of them chuckle. They probably thought I wcourse, these guys are dense, so they won't believe me."We're not stupid----.""You're stupid!" I cut Z off before he could finish."What did you say?!" he asked angrily."You're stupid!" I repeated.Suddenly, someone grabbed my hair. My head was yankso much I couldn't move."Don'tpushmegirl!IfyourboyfriendisscaryI'meven

 They let go of my hair, and Z laughed loudly. It seemed lamused by what I said."Don't tell me you two broke up?" he asked, still laughin"No," I answered almost in a whisper. "...we were never  place."Z laughed again, even louder than before. His companionlaughing too.So happy, huh? Overjoyed!"Girl..." someone called me. "...It's already common knogroups here that you're Keifer's girlfriend. So why wouldOh, you idiots!If I could slap myself right now, I would. If they could onthey'd have been stabbed by the sharpness of my glare.I didn't want to bring it up again. I didn't want to repeat imention it. But—haizt! I have to!"We were never together..." I took a deep breath. "...became."They stopped laughing. I could feel all their eyes on me. ddtlifthfthtdtd

 I shook my head and lowered it. I didn't want to cry; I juscry over him anymore. I tried to hold back my tears by taGo back, tears! Go back!"He made me fall for him! The jerk played with my feelifell for him, he said—just kidding!" I said angrily. "...goodidn't break. The youth of Bataan almost fell.""What a jerk! Playing with someone's feelings like that!"I heard some of them sigh deeply. Others cursed. They acomments about what the so-called "King of the Dimwit"Nice story."I froze. I knew that voice. I knew it very well. He heard mdidn't know whether to be happy or annoyed.I'll just throw a party instead!Suddenly, there was a commotion, as if they were movinthe person who spoke. I also heard some things falling."Son of a..." I heard Z whisper."That was a heartwarming story. But there's something msaid, and then I heard a loud crash.

 "C—no, Z!"After the noise and chaos, the place fell silent, as if an anI tried to sense my surroundings, and from what I could hstill people there because of their heavy breathing."You jerk!" Z shouted."You never learn," Keifer said. "...I already took you dowyou are again.""So what?!""You dragged her into this!"That's all they called me. I felt a lump forming in my throagain, I'm about to cry. It would be great if tears could be"Shut up!" someone shouted.What's happening?!The only basis I had for what was going on was the sounmovements. I still had no idea what they were doing. I'vemy hands free from the ropes since earlier, but nothing's wrists are already raw from all the pulling."Now, A!" Z shouted.

 Please, no!"W-who are you?" I asked, terrified. "...I-is that you, Keisomething."I was on the verge of tears. The person approaching me janswer. Maybe it's not Keifer. But who is it? Damn it! SaThe footsteps stopped in front of me. I could hear deep, e breathing.Whoever you are... behave!I could feel their gaze on me. I was practically grinding atrying to free myself. My breathing was heavy, and I muridiculous waiting for what they'd do next.I shuddered completely when I felt their palm caress my are you?! I tried to turn my face away, but like before, thIs this A?!"Damn it! Get away from me! Don't touch me!" I shoutemy face away.What if it's really A?! Damn it! If Keifer's down, then hishappen. No! Tears started forming in my eyes out of fear"Kif!"Illdtthi"hl!"

 my hands and feet.But what completely stopped my heart and made my souwas what they did next.T-they kissed me.The effect on me was strange. It hit my system hard. I cocouldn't even move my head away. Why is this happeninIt feels familiar!What I'm feeling is so familiar. Even the lips pressed agafamiliar. I don't know why this is happening.It feels like Kei—NO! It's not Keifer! He wouldn't do thito kiss me.I really wanted to believe it was him. I really wanted to wBut I know it's impossible. I know it's not him, because hme again."Don't... Please," I pleaded as their lips parted. "...have mI heard nothing from them. Silence enveloped the two ofmore anxious because I couldn't tell what they were planThe silence scared me. It was scarier than when there wedThiidii!

 My vision adjusted to the bright light. The whole Sectionme. Ci-N looked worried, and David was beside him. Fewere looking at the bodies on the ground. Denzel, Mayo,opening closed doors to make sure no one was left. Emanwere helping untie me.But my gaze stopped at Yuri and Josh. They were standinand... Keifer. He was down, and Eren was trying to help coming from his side.W-what happened?!Once the ropes were off, Percy helped me stand. I wanteand check on him. But his cold gaze stopped me."Just hang on... We'll take you to the hospital," Yuri said over from head to toe.He must have been checking if I was okay. Seeing no issout."Are you okay, Jay?" Ci asked.I nodded slightly, my only response. My gaze stayed on the room. And then it became clear to me that it wasn't hBecause of his position, far from me, and the injuries he impossible for him to have been the one.

 This happened because of Keifer. If it weren't for his enethis wouldn't have happened! How many times has this hgoing to keep happening?!"Let's get out of here," I whispered to Percy.He nodded and helped me into the car. I saw Ci-N's shoulooked at me. I quickly looked away.I'm grateful they came. But everything that happened stilwas just a toy to them. After all the problems we've beenmeant nothing to them."Should I take you home?" Percy asked as he started the rest.""I-it's too early," I took a deep breath. "...Maybe later."He didn't respond and just kept driving. Even without himI knew he could feel what I was feeling.It's exhausting...It's exhausting getting dragged into their mess. It's exhauEven though I didn't know who took me, I had a feeling twould come to help me.They did come, but why does it feel like they were forceifdilkddfllikhdid

 I looked down when he said that. I just said that! I shouldanymore. No matter what happens to him, to them! I won Next time I get caught up in their mess, I won't wish for help me. I'll find a way out myself. After all, I was knowin my old school.I won't rely on you anymore, I won't rely on you.

 Chapter 199: Game of PainJay-jay's POV"Almost there!" I shouted.Let's see how tough you are now!These guys are so annoying! Early in the morning, and th pissing me off. They just blocked me out of nowhere whthe Mini Mart.This is Percy's fault! If he had just picked me up in front wouldn't have happened. I wouldn't have run into these ufaces are so irritating!"Damn it! No one told us this girl knows how to fight!" o"How was I supposed to know?!""What now? How are we going to take her?"Take her?! Again?!"What do you mean, take me?!" I asked irritably.

  No one answered. They just looked at each other, as if wto speak up."What?! None of you are going to talk?!" I asked angrilyface of one of their companions.He looked like a rag anyway!"Fine! We're going to use you to get back at Keifer! You'I immediately cut him off."I'm not! We were never even together!"They looked at me in confusion. I know they don't believthey're idiots. Everyone who's heard that rumor probablyeither.Damn it! Here we go again...Why do his enemies always come after me? La Punyeta!feeling this isn't the last of his enemies who'll try to use mthose guys on motorcycles before were his enemies too.Damn you, King of the Dimwit Ulupongs! I curse you!May your asshole seal shut!I'm Barracuda! Hhhaaaaahhhh!!

 My fists were sore, and my hands were shaking, but I triethese idiots. There were only four of them left, but I wasnhandle them.I have to handle it!Suddenly, one of them charged at me. I was caught off g position, but I managed to dodge him. I countered with ahis stomach.He knelt in pain, coughing as if his guts were about to cowere only three left, and I felt like I could still take themWhere the hell is Percy?!That lunatic doesn't seem worried at all since I'm not at oyet. Meanwhile, yesterday he went looking for me. He evschool.I glared at the idiots. How long has it been since I last gofeel so exhausted even though they're coming at me one Damn it! I got used to them defending me. I got used to twhenever someone hurt me. Now I'm the one struggling.I need to get used to fighting on my own again. Like bacwhen I fought alone. Because they're not coming anymortheir help again.

 Even though I could barely breathe, I forced myself to fighis side. It didn't seem to affect him at first, but I put mornext elbow. On my last elbow strike to his side, he let ouHis grip loosened, so I took the chance to break free. I imfollowed up with a punch to his face, and he fell to the grI didn't waste any time. Everything happened so fast, it fecontrol of my body anymore. I charged at the remaining exchanged punches several times."Aagghhh!!" I shouted as I landed the final punch.They've all fallen down. As I looked at them, I felt like mto collapse as well. I was so tired and it felt like I was runI leaned against the wall for support."Nice..." Nice your face!I glared at the one who spoke. Who else? Of course, it wstepbrother."You're annoying! Where have you been earlier?!" I said"Kind of, kind of." He replied, approaching me.

 All I heard in response was his laughter. It was as if his b been affected. He's probably gone completely crazy nowMy movements were slow because of the pain in my bodlike my body was craving this kind of thing."You're like... not even a woman..." Percy, who was behi"...you're just too good at fighting."I rolled my eyes at what he said. It was so embarrassing, he, such a big guy, didn't even help me. He was supposedin case I couldn't handle the fight.But instead, he just watched."You're such a nice stepbrother... You know that?" I said "Of course. That's me!" He boasted.This guy really ruins the mood. I would love to knock hiwall. Would that make him stop being crazy?"Where are we going now?" He asked.I stopped walking and looked at him. I really didn't knowthinking of going to the Mini Mart, but it would be embacrew. They might think we're making their place our han

 I thought he was going to say something back, so even thwalking ahead, I was still paying attention to him. Whenhearing anything from him, I looked back.Percy had stopped walking and was looking at the other looked in the same direction and was surprised to see Frealong with Ella.What are they doing here?!I was about to exchange a bad glare with them, but Freyastarted walking off."Freya!" Percy called out, crossing the street. "...Wait!"I had no choice but to follow him. He caught up with Frethat she wasn't happy to see him."Let's talk for a bit... Please." He pleaded."We already talked, didn't we? What else do you want?" with no emotion."You kicked me out the other day...""Because there's nothing left to talk about!""Freya..."

 I looked at Ella when I noticed she was looking at me tooIt was like she was reading my thoughts based on my moShe also turned away and walked to follow Freya and PeI didn't know where they were going, but I followed themI didn't know they were talking again. She hadn't said anfrom the way she looked now, it seemed like their last cogo well.Percy's eyes were sad, while Freya still had that mischievPercy still had feelings for her, while Freya was just angrIt was probably the same way Felix felt when they met.We arrived at a park. Percy and Freya sat on a bench, wha little further away. We couldn't hear what they were tal"I heard you haven't been going to school." Ella said, what her."What's it to you?" I replied, bored.I had no problem with her. I was just being my usual rudwhen I was around her. It felt like it wasn't long ago whetruth.WhhidthtYithhtlld!

 Ella! So sensitive!I turned my gaze back to Freya. They were facing away fchoice but to find an empty bench and sit down. What I dthough, was why Ella suddenly sat beside me."Who said you could sit next to me?" I asked irritably."No one... Why, does someone need to tell me?" She ansI swear, I'm about to slap her!"Just get away! I don't want you beside me." I pushed he"I don't want to be beside you either. You leave."Damn! This girl is really pushing my buttons. She must w"I was here first, so you leave!" I said angrily, giving her"You leave!" She said, pushing me harder.I almost tripped and fell, but luckily I was able to stand uI glared at her, and she glared right back."Damn---!""Goahead!Curseallyouwant!"Shethreatened,asshes

 Why the hell is this troublemaker here? She and Freya aruniform. They didn't even go to school. Tsk! What a gooJust like me!The waiting was really boring. I reluctantly took my pho68 messages and 32 missed calls greeted me. Ever since truth, my inbox and missed calls have always been like thSometimes, the missed calls are even more than the messI opened my inbox, and Ci-N's message was the first oneFrom: Ci-N   Message:Imiss you...  Imiss my partner!From: Ci-N   Message:They're picking on me... Idon'thave anyone toFrom: Ci-N   Message:Jay-jay!You're so mean!Rakki's gonna courtmto school!I'm stillnotready... I'm stilla virgin!From: Ci-NMessage:eEoWwppFfoOowWwsss!

    Message:Jay...I stopped reading when I noticed there was a drop of watscreen. That's when I realized it was from me. I started crrealizing it.I guess this is one of the things I need to sacrifice. Just tothey caused go away. I need to endure them."If you're hurting like this, why not talk to them?" Ella saher book. "...Not just cry when you read their texts."I frowned at what she said. This gossiping girl! How did were texting me?"Don't meddle with me!" I said irritably and turned my a phone.This time, I opened Yuri's message. He had the most mesall.From: Yuri   Message:Let's talk... Please.From: Yuri   Message:Jay-jay... Ineed to talk to you.

 "Tell me..." She said without looking at me. "...Does Yurwith you?"A chance?I looked in another direction. That question didn't even cEspecially when I admitted to myself that the one I truly King of the Dimunyung Ulupong."I... I don't know," I whispered."I know what happened... I heard about what they did to I still didn't look at her. Everything was still too fresh to still affected, even if I denied it. It still hurt."...It's not that I'm siding with them, but I hope you listenexplanation. Especially Yuri..." Her voice sounded almos believe he couldn't have done that."I want to believe too!I really do, but how? How can I believe when they've alrthat he could do it? I don't want to talk about it anymore.intending to ask Percy, but Ella quickly blocked me."Listen first." She said calmly but firmly."Whdithi?W'tfidf

 She glanced at Percy for a moment before facing me agaE I knew were real troublemakers. They would even fighBut when you came..." She lowered her head. "...Withoudefended you. Something they never did for me. They suthings and would rarely fight in class."So that's why they sometimes mentioned that things wereElla was still with them. Something stirred in my heart, bas I remembered... It was all part of their act."They even smile while walking home, like they're normsomething I've never seen from them before." She tried t jealous of you. I used to have their attention, but I couldnThen you, in such a short time—your impact on them wa Now I understand her. That's why she did what she did toshe made sure she was the one blamed, because she knewand might try to intervene.Incredible! She's so smart!"But now... they're not like that anymore." Our gazes metheir life again. They're always fighting and arguing in thteachers have already refused to teach them because theyclass.""W-what do you want me to do?" I asked, a hint of irritat

 "I was wrong." She quickly answered, which made me a "...I thought he was still the one, but..." Suddenly, a tear eyes. "...When I lost Aries, that's when I realized everythW-what? She and Aries are no longer together?But she hasn't mentioned anything about Aunt Gema. I haround, so I don't have any updates. But I know that whehospital, Ella was there too. When did they break up?"It's too late for me and Aries. It hurts, but that's just howShe wiped her cheek. "...I hope you don't end up like meme for me to realize that I truly loved him." She smiled a pretense. "...Yuri deserves to be happy after everything wthrough."Slowly, she turned away from me and started walking awstanding there, stunned, watching her. My tongue and coretreat all of a sudden.Despite my irritation, I still felt sorry for her. I thought sh because of her admission earlier. But now, it turns out thhoroscope guy, was the one who truly had her heart.That's it! You even had a midnight conversation! Hah!lkdbklldhhih

 I did, but it seemed like you needed it more than I do!"Y-yeah." I answered uncertainly."Okay. Let's go." He said lifelessly.I felt like I'd need the alcohol I drank before again. But nseemed like it was for the person with me.

 Chapter 200: Drunk PercyJay-jay's POVI don't feel like drinking today. I'm not in the mood, and carefully about what Ella told me earlier.She made a mistake...Because of her mistake, she lost the person who truly lovAries because she thought she still loved Yuri.I didn't want to listen to what she said. Why should she cwhy should I care about her? But then, I ended up being she said about Section E.Ugh! It's so annoying!"Isha, more!" Percy shouted at the bartender. "...Bring ouexpensive... drinks!"I could only shake my head at the sight of him. He said hlittle, but this is his version of "a little"—he's already dru"That's enough," I said, reaching for his glass, but he qui

 That's it... he's slurring now!I'm starting to feel embarrassed by the people staring at uloud he is, he's also making a mess in his seat."Jay..." he called me. "...Have you ever been in love?"Doesn't he already know the answer?I didn't respond. I just let him continue. It seems like he nout."I thought... she'd still take me back," he started, tears faldoesn't want me anymore."I grabbed some tissues nearby and handed them to him. Hwiped his tears and snot.He signaled the bartender for another drink, and the barteone."That's your last one. Don't order anymore," I said, and h"My sister's so concerned about me," he teased. No, I'm not! I just don't want to carry a drunk person.I rolled my eyes at him and glanced at the dance floor. Apackedwithpeopledancingtotheloudmusic

 hairpin fell off. It landed near my feet. I was planning to saw me."It seems like he's really into Freya."...Her voice was so beautiful when she talked to me..." hdrink in his glass. "...I watched her for so long. I even staweeks before I got the courage to approach her." He chuc"...That's when I found out that a lot of people liked her."I heard she's practically the town's fantasy.He finished the drink in his glass and signaled the bartenstopped him. I shook my head at the bartender to signal ""Let's go home..." I told him."Later... It's still early," he said, pleading.I stood up from my stool and approached him. I grabbed him, but he was too drunk to resist.I faced the bartender first. "H-how much?"He shook his head at me. "Did you forget? It's on the hou boss," he said, pointing to Tiger's office.Free?! Damn it! You should've told me earlier!

 It's already hard enough to guide him through the crowdsquirming. I really want to smack him.We finally made it out the door. I was panting heavily beguy is such a pain in the ass!"You're such a pain, you animal!" I shouted at him.Suddenly, he raised a finger and started singing. "...Just lanimals... Awwoooohhhh!"That's it! He's gone too far!I quickly looked around. No taxis were passing by. It waI guessed it was around 10 PM. I'm so dead if Kuya AngPercy didn't bring his car because he was so eager to get  just randomly hailed a taxi on the road.I leaned him against the wall and checked the street againhad no choice but to call someone to pick us up. I reache pocket to get his phone."What are you groping me for?" he shouted.Oh, for heaven's sake!I immediately smacked him on the head because of his loldlthikifthhdhi?Thihtthik

 "What now?!" I said irritably. "...I'll kick you.""I have a joke, listen," he said, laughing. "...What do youmom?""Huh?!""Wrong!" he said, laughing. "...Bananay!"Facepalm!I can do this! I can handle this! I've been through a lot, sosurvive this. Even if it's corny, I'll live!I pretended not to hear him. I quickly searched for someoDavid was the first person I thought of, but when I tried cended the call after just one ring.Maybe he's busy?If he's not available, then who? I don't know anyone elsePercy's housemates, and I don't have their numbers to caWhat about Felix?Tsk! Not that I'm being stubborn or anything, but I don't me right now. Meanwhile, this crazy guy kept poking me"Whatnow?!"Isaidirritably

 I can do this! I can handle this! I can handle even the corgrief! I'm about to bang my head against the wall becausIn my frustration, I didn't notice that I had already pressenext to Felix's name. It was too late to cancel because he["Hello? Jay?"] I heard Felix say.I glared at Percy, who was still laughing. This is all his fachoice but to talk to Felix. I didn't want to waste my load"F-Felix."["Jay-jay... What's wrong? Is there a problem?"]"I was hoping you could pick us up here at KingsgroundThere was a brief silence before he spoke again. ["Okay.way."]I was about to ask who "we" referred to, but he already eshrugged.I put my phone back in my bag. I was about to stand nexleaning against the wall, but three guys approached us."Hi, Miss!" greeted the tallest one. "...What's someone asdoing here?"

 "You're drunk, bro..." one of the guys said to Percy."Me?! Drunk?! No way!" he replied arrogantly.I could only shake my head while holding my face. He's in front of everyone."Miss... is that your boyfriend?" the guy in front of me asI quickly shook my head. "He's my stepbrother.""Miss? Who's Miss?" Percy said, stepping between me atalking to. "...This one's Miss? No, this isn't Miss! This isThis jerk! He just turned me into a guy.The guys laughed, even though they clearly didn't believ"This one's a transginger, bro! A transginger!" he added, even louder.I give up!I'm really about to bang my head against the wall. I can'tcraziness anymore. I thought I could endure his corny jokanother level."Wow... Looks like you need to take your friend home," saidtome

 They smiled and walked away. Once they were gone, Perealize the guys had left."Hey! Where'd they go?! I was going to tell them my killlooking around.I pulled him back and leaned him against the wall. "They because your jokes are too corny!"He pouted and looked down. "Oh..."If he's always like this, I'm never letting him drink too mmaybe I just won't go with him. His corniness might mak"I'll just tell my joke to you!" he said enthusiastically.Oh no, please don't!"Just shut up already!"He ignored me and started laughing by himself again."What do you call a horse with wings?" he asked, laughi"Tsk!""Idiot! It's a Pegasus..." he said, laughing even harder.PleasenomoreI'mbeggingyou

 "What?" I asked, bored."I don't know... That's why I'm asking you!"Damn it! I give up!Should I just leave him here and go? I can't take his corncorny jokes are driving me crazier than everything else thme."Haha... My jokes are so funny. It's because I'm handsomwinking at me.I suddenly burst out laughing. "Hahahahaha... Out of all the one that got me."I was laughing so hard I even slapped my thigh. It took mand that's when I noticed he wasn't moving, just staring a"That wasn't a joke.""Yes, it was! The 'you're handsome' part! Damn, that reallaughing at him again.He glared at me and crossed his arms. "I'm not joking. Yme!"I just shook my head at him. Finally! His corniness is ovhtlbfhi

 "Jay-jay," Yuri called out to me.All I could do was stare at him. He seemed to notice I wahim here. He even looked down to avoid my gaze."Hey! Stick!" Percy shouted, making us all look at him. "doing here?!"He was staring straight at Yuri as he said that. He tried to but because he was so drunk, he almost fell. He ended upsupport."Get it together! You're so heavy!" I said, trying to hold hFelix came over to help me steady him."Bring me closer to Stick! I'm gonna punch him!" Percy a step forward.Stick?!"Just stop!" Felix said.Percy looked at him. "You're on his side now too?! Even"You're drunk, bro! Just come with us!" Felix said, tryingdown."I'maskingyou!Areyouonthisjerk'sside?!"Percysho

 He tried to step closer to Yuri. No matter how much we t back, he kept going, and all we could do was support himget close enough, he grabbed Yuri's collar."Stop it, Percy!" I said, trying to intervene.Yuri didn't do anything but let him. He just watched us, amoving away, he stayed still. Percy easily grabbed his co"What?! Where's your arrogance now?! Yuri, you cowardright in his face.Felix and I tried to pull his hand away, but his grip was tkept shaking Yuri."That's enough, bro!" Felix shouted, but Percy wasn't list"Are you happy now?! Huh?! You took everything that wmine! Keifer's trust! My brother! And Freya!" Percy saidI didn't understand what he meant. He was saying Yuri to"I didn't take anything from you," Yuri said calmly. "...I teverything you left behind.""Jerk! Protect?! Is that what you call what you did to FreSo he knew about that too.

 Yuri stood up, wiping the blood from his lip. He looked alooking down. I don't know, but it felt like he wasn't the the one I had a crush on and who asked me to marry himIt felt like he was a different person now.I don't regret that things turned out this way. Because if yit's their fault—his and his best friend's—that we're like tanyone should feel this way, it shouldn't be me. It shouldI helped Percy up. I wanted to go home, I wanted to get a"Let's go home," Felix said."No! I'm not done with Stick over there!" Percy shouted,I pulled him with all my strength toward the car. Felix dieven though Percy kept resisting, we managed to get himPercy, Felix took the passenger seat, and Yuri drove."Freya..." I heard Percy whisper, and then his head droppshoulder. "...she doesn't want me anymore."I looked at the rearview mirror. I saw Yuri looking at me glared at him and turned my attention back to Percy.We were quiet for the rest of the ride. Except, of course, challenging Yuri to a fight. At one point, his hand flew up

 Felix and his mom came to the backseat door where we wit and worked together to pull Percy out. He woke up whwas pulling him."Mom!" Percy shouted, hugging his stepmom. "...I misseFelix's mom chuckled a little. "It's only been a week sincother, right?""For me, it feels like a year has passed," Percy said, also sleep together again, me and Felix.""I don't want to sleep next to you!" Felix protested quickI smiled at the sight of the three of them. Even though Pe blood relative, they never treated him like an outsider. Eseven if he doesn't say it, I can tell he's happy to see his brTheir mom helped Percy inside the house. Felix faced usWe waited until he was inside before finally leaving.This is so awkward! This is it!Silence dominated the car. There were moments when wother but quickly looked away. We looked ridiculous doieven doing this?He stopped in front of our house. I didn't wait for him to hhhikldi

 "Come inside first," I told him.I didn't wait for his response. I went inside, and he followheaded straight to the kitchen, turned on the light, and lo pack.After finding it, I grabbed some ice and put it inside. I wwho was sitting down, and pressed the ice pack against hHe let me at first, but I was surprised when he looked at mhand I was using to hold the ice pack.I tried to pull my hand away, but he tightened his grip."M-my hand..." I said.He didn't respond. He just kept staring at me while holdinstarting to get annoyed."Yuri, my hand—""I miss you," he cut me off.I pulled my hand away with all my strength, causing the glared at him."You can leave now," I said.Hedidn'tmoveHekeptlookingatmealmostpleading

 I don't know if I'm ready to hear what they have to say. I ready to confront him about everything, but suddenly Arkitchen, glaring at us."What are you doing here?" Aries asked seriously.I quickly pulled my hand away from Yuri. I also avoidedfelt like they were about to start another fight here, so I m picked up the ice pack from the floor and placed it by the"I'll just walk Yuri out," I said flatly and pulled Yuri outsWhen we got to the gate, I stopped and watched him leavsad as he looked at me. I didn't give him a chance to speaI-I'm not ready yet.I quickly closed the gate and went back inside the house.my room and almost collapsed onto my bed. I didn't meaYuri, but I couldn't help it.Why you gotta be so rude? Don't you know I'm human to

 Chapter 201: Angelo's ruleJay-jay's POVOh, right, it's Saturday today. No school, so no one shoulearly. What I don't understand is why someone had to slawhich ended up waking me.I glared at the traitor—whoever it was—who opened mydoorknob's broken, so it's easy to open.It was Aries... Too bad I'm a Taurus!"Get up and have breakfast," he said irritably before imm"Abnormal," I muttered into my pillow.I was forced to get up even though I really wanted to drohad a lot of plans for today: sleep, sleep, sleep, and moreI went straight to the bathroom to freshen up. I changed cfinally leaving my room. When I got to the dining area, e —and that includes Kuya Angelo.I'm dead...

 Do I even have any allies left in this house? Tita Gema w but she can't go against Mama. Lola would've been anothwent back to the province.I'm all alone now...I just looked down while eating. I can't argue with them. really have to go along with Mama and her new husbandthings could get any worse than this."You're coming too, Aries," Mama added.Whaaaaaaaatttt?!"No, I'm not," Aries quickly replied.I don't want to either!"Come with us, Aries," Kuya ordered. "...Unless you wanyour car."I could clearly see Aries taking a deep breath to calm himwanted to laugh out loud. It's the feeling of not being thescolded in the family.But I really don't want him coming with us."If he's coming, maybe I don't have to go?" I asked, and iditlfd

 Kuya glared at me. It felt like he caught onto my challen"If you don't come..." he started, and his eyes suddenly liin Aries' room."WHAAAAAAATTTTTTT?! NO! NO! NO!"Fine, I'll go," I quickly replied and turned my attention b No one said anything after that. I went back to my room ready. I didn't know where we were going, but I brought in case I get annoyed with them and decide to ditch themAries and I almost left our rooms at the same time. He di just kept walking. I know he doesn't want to come with meven—I don't want to be with him either."Ready?" Andy, the annoying one, greeted us."Yes... I'm ready," Mama said cheerfully, clapping her haAries and I didn't respond. We both looked bored and cle Nice! At least we have something in common."Take care on your trip," Tita said, kissing Aries on the cShe hugged me, and I almost didn't accept it. I'm not madupsetaboutwhathappenedbutIdon'twanttomakeher

 While the car was moving, Mama and Andy kept talkingabout their upcoming wedding. I was starting to get annograbbed my headphones and plugged them in. I turned thway up.Music that could make your ears fall off, of course.The trip to their so-called future house took three hours. traffic, it took three hours—wow, right?We went straight to an exclusive subdivision and stoppedsimple but beautiful house. The house had two floors. Atlooked perfect for newlyweds—not too big, not too smalI took off my headphones and got out of the car. Aries foeyebrows still furrowed."Isn't it beautiful?" Mama asked with a smile. "...Tito AnReally?! So the annoying one's a designer."Is he an architect?" Aries asked.He's a house designer!"Yes... Right now, I'm handling our own firm," Andy rep"What's an architect?" I asked absentmindedly.

 "Horoscope?" he asked, confused."Aren't you a horoscope?"He clearly got annoyed by what I said. He probably undemeant. He suddenly raised his hand to hit me, but before came and put her arms around both of us."Picture!" she shouted, and I heard the click of a camera.Ugh, so annoying!Damn it! What do I look like in that photo? I feel like I lothere.I was about to approach Andy to grab his phone, but he othe house and went inside."Let's go! Let's go!" Mama urged us.Mom followed Andy, and I was left outside with Aries. Ilook. It's his fault I look stupid in that picture."Damn you." I whispered, but it seemed like he heard me"You're the damn one!" he snapped."Horoscope!"

 I didn't answer. I just walked ahead into the gate of the hMy steps were big as I approached the door. It was only how spacious the yard was, and there was also a garage, organized yet.Andy was at the door, waiting for us. I stopped with my looked back at Mom, who was behind me.Damn it!Why did I even come here? We're not doing anything herwith Kuya Angelo. Sometimes, I can't tell if he's getting this is just his punishment for me. It really ruins the moo"Hon!" Andy called out to Mom as he handed her the hoMom happily took it. She walked toward the door and smmodel. It was only then that I realized she was being phoWhat a mess! A model for the door."Here we go... We're entering our house." Mom said withslowly opened the door. "...Ta-da!"I peeked inside. Mom went in first, followed by Andy. I them.Thfthiiidlikfttill

 "I was ahead." I said irritably."So what?" he answered back."Saturday... Moron!""Blockhead!"Before I could respond to his remark, he had already reacstairs.I quickly followed, but his steps were much bigger.When we reached the second floor, I saw another sofa seflat-screen TV on the opposite wall. There were three do be bedrooms, and one door that led to the terrace.Mom grabbed my hand and pulled me to the first door."This is your room." She said as she opened the door.It wasn't as big as my room in Aunt Gema's house, but it me. It had a cabinet, a study table, a bed frame, and a main plastic."And this one's for Aries." Andy said as he opened the doroom.HisroomwasjustlikeminebutAriesdidn'tseemtooha

 I didn't even think about that. Mom had said I'd be livingwhile, at least until I get married. But it looks like that w because of everything I found out."Yes... just for a while. And only when it's your school vMom answered."No! That's never gonna happen." Aries said, shaking his"Aries... I just want to—...""There you go again! What you want... What about whatinterrupted Mom again, irritated."Aries." Andy calmly chided him.He stopped, gave Mom a nasty look, then glanced at me walking back down the stairs. We were left standing therhim.I understand Aries. It feels like he made a decision againour opinions. As much as I wanted to protest like my horI didn't.I knew he already knew.Mom looked at me, but before she could speak, I turned lkdtihttthtddttkith

 The view's ugly...I went back inside. Mom and Andy were no longer arountheir voices. They seemed to be downstairs. I went back was supposed to be mine and just stood there, looking arwasn't really interested.After a while, I went downstairs. I found Mom and Andytalking. They both looked at me when I came in."Jay... What do you want to eat? Tito Andy will buy it." Mwith a smile."I'll ask Aries." I said lifelessly.I immediately went out to find Aries. It wasn't hard to finstill in the same spot I had seen him earlier, still talking o"What do you want to eat? They're going to buy somethi"Anything, as long as you get some sense in that head ofshouted at me.He's really the worst!"Don't eat! Starve to death!" I yelled back and stormed inAndy was standing at the door, holding the car keys. It loitiftthiAihd'tidthi

 Andy, the show-off, left, and the three of us were left in tand I were sitting at the table, and Aries had just finishedsomeone on the phone and sat down too.We looked like we were waiting for food. I think I've alrmonologue to every ant that passed in front of me."This is like the old days, right Aries?" Mom said, and I I can't remember us ever sitting together at the table befoI was 3 years old when Aries was sent to Aunt's place. I dmuch.Aries lowered his head with one hand resting on the tabl"You still remember." Mom added, forcing a smile.I couldn't relate."Of course I remember..." Aries said, looking at Mom. ".you'd hit me if I didn't follow you. I remember how you'ddid something wrong."His eyes slowly changed. I could see anger in them. I waand ask him questions, but I was afraid he'd direct his an"...I remembered it. I remember how you'd hit me with a hanger. I remember how you'd call me 'useless,' 'brain-dehiki'lllllhbib

 He took a deep breath. "I did what you should've done, bwho's in the wrong in the end!"Mom took a deep breath, and that's when I noticed that scrying. She held Aries's hand tightly."I was just carried away by my anger... I didn't mean to dwhile continuing to cry. "...Forgive me. I was still young"That's not an excuse!" Aries shouted. "...Jay-jay was themattered to you! Why?! Because her dad is rich, while m bum?!"Shit! I'm confused!I know Aries and I have different fathers, but I had no idhe had experienced with Mom.Aries tried to pull his hand away from Mom's grasp. He cto his weakness. Mom kept crying, and honestly, I felt hushouldn't."Maybe that's why you had me sent away." Aries added.Please stop...This feels heavy. I looked into the distance and took a de"EhAi"Iiddhbdlk

 "Enough." I intervened."I know you needed me... But please try to understand.""You always want us to understand! What about us who you?!""Stop, Aries."I felt like I would go deaf from the argument they were h painful, and it was heavy in my chest. I expected we'd althis, throwing accusations while digging up the past."I'm useless to you! That's why you had me sent away!"I slammed the table hard. "STOP IT!" I shouted, glaring GOD'S SAKE!"Even Mom stopped speaking. She wiped her face, whichtears. I heard her taking deep breaths several times."Enough of accusing Mom for her shortcomings! You mthat you have shortcomings too!" I said, looking at Ariestalking like that, you'll just embarrass yourself!"From his seat across from me, he grabbed the collar of mI stood up as he brought my face closer to his. His glare aldkill

 He slowly let go of me. We still didn't break eye contact."Mom..." I called out, not taking my eyes off Aries."...Stop crying, and if you can..." "Don't expect that we'llAries interrupted, finishing my sentence.A deep silence fell between the three of us. I don't know stayed like that. Until Andy arrived with the food."D-did something happen while I was gone?" He asked MMom only smiled at him in response. If only you came amight have caught the drama.Maybe you would've bought some popcorn while watchi

 Chapter 202: Monday MadJay-jay's POVThe day was in my favor. There was no one at home excEven Mama and Andy, the annoying one, were gone. I speating and sleeping—no shower!It's fine! Don't judge me!But it seems like only Sunday was in my favor because MMonday, Monday! Monday morning, Kuya's scolding wathat greeted me.I was already ready for my daily routine with Percy. Pretschool, but we were supposed to meet at the Mini Mart—deal! But Kuya was still here at home, and there it was.A sermon all the way!"I let you off the hook before! But you're really pushing limit!" he shouted at me.I could only close my eyes while listening to him. With eI felt like objects were about to fly toward me. That's howmouthis

 Haaahhh! Can Kuya read minds now?!"And no, I can't read minds if that's what you're thinkingOowwwsss?!Kuya's glare sharpened, so I immediately looked down aminds, but it's like he knows exactly what I'm thinking."I-I'm really going to school. You can even take me theresaid, still looking down."You're really going to school! And to make sure you getclassroom..."I'll have someone take you!"...I'll have someone take you!"Whhuuaaattt?!Who?! Aries the Horoscope? Please, I won't even make i before I bail. We don't even have a driver to take me. Anone, can't do it either because he's going back to his placelot of work to finish!"Who?" Tita Gema asked."Him"Kuyaquicklyansweredpointingatthedoor

 "He's the one who'll take you AND pick you up," Kuya eword AND. "...and I'll be updated every hour to make suclass."Wow! Wow! Wow! Just wow! You'll make me say wow!Kuya smiled at me like a lunatic. It's like he's saying, "Yome." Damn it! I've already lost. There's nothing I can do.tighten his grip on me if I resist. I just want to bang my hwall because of this."Go on... Go to school now!" Kuya ordered.Here we go! Here we go! As if!Reluctantly, I walked out. I passed by Yuri, who was lookquickly followed and even got to his car before I did. He backseat door for me.I got in roughly and slammed the door shut. That's when was already sitting in the passenger seat. Maybe Mondaymy favor. Just when I wasn't ready to see him. Now of all times?! What is this?! Are they just messing wIn fairness, they're really good at messing with me. I'm gmore provocation, and my fist will fly to their faces."Sdid'llhiiiih

 I feel like stabbing him in the back!I avoided his gaze when he slightly turned to look at me.tourist too, looking out the window. My mistake was sittshould've sat behind him so I could stab him easily.King of Demonic Snakes!A while later, I smelled cigarette smoke. I coughed slightmix of smoke and the car's air conditioning. When I lookJudas Traitor was blowing smoke like a dragon.Damn it!"What the heck?! Smoking inside the car?!" I said irritabwindow.All I heard was his laugh. I had a strong feeling he was jume. It seems like he wasn't satisfied with what he did to mhe's provoking me again."Jerk," I muttered.I endured the smell of cigarette smoke. My lungs were pr because of it. When we arrived at school, I got out of thecould even park and slammed the door shut.I couldn't take it anymore!

 I was almost at the classroom door when I stepped back. do this; my knees were shaking. I wanted to go home. Buthem, this cowardice of mine will never end.A little courage, please!I shouldn't be the one afraid. Why? Was I the one who diwrong? Was I the one who cheated and made bets? Was and led someone on?How embarrassing! I'm the one who was wronged, yet I'mscared.I took a deep breath, the kind where I felt like I was pullifrom my lungs. I also slapped my face with both hands to —ouch, that hurt!I walked normally, like it was just an ordinary day. Like normal class, in a normal school, with normal classmatesWhen I entered the door, it was like an angel passed by—Gradually, everyone fell silent while looking at me. Somthey were doing and faced me."It's Jay-jay.""She's here.""hk?"

 reserved just for me. The torn piece of my skirt's fabric wchair.But I'm not sitting there anymore!I glanced at the pair of tables and chairs beside me. The odoor and at the front. I had no seatmate because everyonthe back or on the sides.I put my bag on the table, dusted off the chair, sat down, on my hand like nothing happened. At least I didn't havefaces anymore. I also didn't care what they were doing be"You're here already."I looked at the person who spoke, standing at the door. Ithis posh instincts. I gave him a bored look."No. I'm just a hologram."He chuckled slightly and shook his head before fully ent"Why did David talk to her?""Maybe they have something going on.""That's so unfair."Annoyingright?Thatkindofconversationwheretheym

 "Let's sit together!" he said cheerfully.I looked at how close his table and chair were to mine. Tin line. The space between our tables was gone."I noticed," I said sarcastically.I looked around for a place I could move to. I didn't wantwhy I moved seats, and now he's sitting next to me. But bmove, Sir Alvin arrived."Good morning... Sorry I'm late," he said while arrangingtable.He glanced at me and smiled. "I'm glad you're here. Angabout you."Thanks, Sir. Remind me again!I gave him a half-smile, half-grimace in response. He stasomething. I felt like I chose the wrong seat because we wthe front. The teacher could see my every move."Jay-jay," Ci whispered to me.Don't acknowledge him."Jay-jay."

 "Why aren't you answering? Did you forget to brush youOh, for crying out loud!I wanted to bang my head on the table. Hard enough thatconsciousness.I didn't want to yell at Ci-N. I was upset with him, but thto take it out on him. David already clarified that Ci was he did.I just couldn't help feeling hurt. We've been together for stayed at our house and shared a room with me. For that not talking to me.So annoying...Our class with Sir Alvin ended, but my seatmate still wame."Look at this," he said with a smile, showing me a plastic"surprise egg" label. "...look! Look!"he opened the egg and, like a child, clapped his hands in toy he got from inside."Surprise!" he said, overjoyed.ItlildthiiIidhitIl

 I stood up and walked, but not toward the back where thestraight outside. I could still hear Ci-N calling me, but I iWhere was I going? I didn't know. I tried going to the bawanted to see if I could buy something from my friend w"Ate..." I called out to her from the window at the back. "something?""Wow! You're back here," she said, looking around behinyou want to buy?""Your combo thing," I answered, and she suddenly laugh"Combo thing, huh?" she commented before walking awI waited for a few minutes until the door opened. I thougapproached quickly, but I didn't expect who I'd be facingAries the Horoscope!"J-Jay..." my friend the vendor called out hesitantly.Aries was holding what I ordered. He was glaring at me."Do this one more time, and you're fired," he told the venlooking back."YyesI'msorry"thevendorrepliedandleft

 hold it."You chose your section... So join them in starving," he ssuddenly stomping on the food on the ground.He smirked at me before walking away. I was left staringThere was nothing salvageable except for the bottle of wI slowly sat down and took it.I chose them... But they also chose to deceive me.I didn't know I'd regret choosing them. I even had the guabout how solid our class was.#SectionGoals. But it turns out, only they had goals. I waI stood up and walked away. Maybe I'll just fill up on waeat the bottle to be sure. This is what I get for being stubbI'll also curse Aries's asshole.I finished the water and was about to eat the bottle when ran past me. They bumped into the bottle, and it fell.It's gone... I can't eat it now.I was about to pick up the bottle to throw it away when IonthegroundApackofcigarettesandalighterwerelyi

 I looked at the cigarette in my hand again. I really hate thtried smoking once, and it tasted awful. Cyrus caught meover it.I didn't realize I had already brought the stick to my lips.is bad for girls, but why? Does it make guys look cool?I was about to light it when a hand snatched it from my m"Damn it!" I cursed loudly at the traitor who did that."What the hell?! What are you doing?!" Yuri asked angriIn my frustration, I threw the pack at his face, followed bdodged, but he was still glaring at me."What's it to you?!" I shouted at him."Can't you see yourself?! You're changing!""Of course not! There's no mirror here! Idiot!"Yuri pulled his hair in frustration. "See?! Even the way y"Eeoowsss ppoeeh!""JAY!" he shouted at me, sounding like Kuya Angelo. ".together!"

 I pointed to my head, referring to my brain. "...and my boyou want me to get myself together? Screw that!""And this is your solution?!" He pointed to the pack of ciground. "...You're going back to who you used to be! Thleft in your province!""Oh, so what? What's it to you if I go back to who I was?I pretended to laugh while shaking my head. "...You can'like that, right?" He didn't answer. "...Then don't marry m problem? It's not like you're the only one who wants thisI walked toward the stairs behind him. I didn't want to ta"You're just like your jerk best friend!" I said before finaI was on the last step of the stairs when I stopped. The enthere, some looking up at me. They were listening to our pretended not to care and just walked past them back to tIt looks like going to school won't be easy for me.

 Chapter 203: Evil PhoneJay-jay's POV"Pick-up and drop-off! Your bald grandma can do that. AKuya's orders. Sure, I'm scared of him, but... damn it! I'mWe were in our last class for the day. I survived without mwith the Snakes. Except, of course, for the one sitting nex"It's dismissal time!" he shouted, louder than the school bcream.""No," I quickly replied while organizing my things.Ci's shoulders slumped, but he forced a smile. "Come on"No.""Please...""Ci-N," I called his name, and he finally got serious. "...IUnderstand the word 'no.'"I didn't wait for his response. I left the room and kept waIcouldstillhearthemcallingme.Ihadnointentionofle

 "Picking up Felix. Why?"I thought it was for me... Ouch!"Nothing. Just asking," I replied lifelessly.He suddenly grinned widely. "You missed me, didn't youThis guy really has the nerve. Solid rock! Hardcore to that what he said."Thick-skinned," I muttered, making sure he heard it.His phone rang, and he focused on that for a moment. Hetimes before facing me again."Well, it's your lucky day," he said, pocketing his phone.coming. They have a meeting. Get in!"A meeting?The Snakes have a meeting. Maybe they're discussing sohope it's not about me.I got into Percy's car and sat in the passenger seat. I fasteand he started driving. He was singing while looking at t" I'm so handsome! I'm so handsome! I'm the most hands"herapped

 I looked at a group of kids walking by. They were carryinwearing helmets. They were laughing and teasing each oeven hopped on a skateboard and started riding it."You want to learn that?" Percy asked me.I didn't realize he was also looking at what I was watchinHe started driving again, but my attention was still on the"I want to try it," I said.I thought he didn't hear me because he kept driving and dwas about to repeat myself when I noticed he seemed to something on the road."Where is it? It's near here," he muttered.I looked at the road too, but all I saw were various establwere clothing stores, shoe stores, and even a spa with a ssearch ended when he parked in front of a bike shop.The bikes were beautiful!"Let's go!" Percy called me.He got out of the car, and I did the same. I took a momen bikes on display outside before entering the store. It wasithbddbikdtltBtitdth

 He seemed to be one of the salesmen. He had a nametag chest.Percy answered his question. "A skateboard for a beginn"Is it for you, sir?""No. For my tomboy sibling," Percy replied seriously.I immediately glared at him. He's been like this for a whisorts of things. He even claimed I'm really a guy.Transginger bro, transginger.The man just laughed. They talked about what I needed tfirst, but then I noticed some rollerblades for both kids anThe two continued talking. Since I couldn't understand thdecided to look around at the bikes on display.I couldn't help but be amazed. The models here were muones I bought before. If I had known about this store, I where instead.Bike lover be like...As I continued looking around, I started feeling uneasy. Iwas watching and observing me. I looked around, and I w

 I looked back at the guys who were staring at me earlier.noticed the black jackets they were wearing. They were tmotorcycle riders.Shit! It's them... They're the ones who chased me!I quickly went back to Percy. He was at the cashier, payitalked to earlier handed him four large paper bags."I did the shopping... You disappeared suddenly," he saidI took a deep breath and glanced at the guys, but I couldnanymore."O-okay... C-can we go now?"I saw the confusion on his face, but he chose to hide it annothing."Just the receipt," he said, facing the man again. "...WherHe signed something, and the man returned his credit carreceipt. He took the paper bags and handed them to me."I paid. You carry them," he said, walking ahead."Such a gentleman! Wow!" I said sarcastically.HejustlaughedWhenweleftthestorethemotorcycles

 The trip was short because the park wasn't far from the stunusual about this park was that it was cemented—no grtrees, but they were only around the edges.The ground wasn't level; there were slopes, curves, and ewith a flat top. What caught my attention the most was thwas a large pit.Skateboarders would slide down and then pop up on the uphill. It was awesome!"Wear this," Percy instructed, handing me a helmet.I did as he said. He also handed me knee and elbow padsskateboard."Do I look cool now?" I asked."Are you a fridge to be cool?" he replied sarcastically.My excitement vanished and was replaced by irritation. Tannoying!Is only a fridge allowed to be cool?!He was cleaning up the trash and plastic he had removeddoing that, I decided to take out my phone and take a pic"Tkitlt"Pidbdl"Lt'

 I stepped on it with one foot. I watched the experts first, what they were doing.They pushed it with one foot while the other stayed on ththey'd place both feet on it once they were sure of the spedown, they'd push again.I was nervous but excited.I tried pushing with one foot. I did it slowly, not realizingwobbled when you stepped on it. I tried again, this time wand a longer distance."Wrong," someone commented.I stopped and looked at her. A girl! She approached me, cskateboard."First timer?" she asked."Y-yes... I'm still learning how to do it," I said, glancing "Let me see," she said, referring to my skateboard.I handed it to her, and she inspected it like she knew exacdoing."It's brand new... Still stiff and unscratched," she commebk"I'llthbiI'RhRib

 "This is her..." Rheanna said to the two girls facing her. "are Sherri Ann and Kay-kay, my friends."They waved at me, and I waved back.Hi Kay-kay, I'm Jay-jay."We'll teach you," Sherri said with a smile.They started explaining what to do. They even taught meon the skateboard. I had more space to move around comI glanced at Percy's spot. He looked bored, sitting alone. to join us. At first, he didn't want to, but he was clearly bhands in his pockets as he approached.So you're coming after all..."This is my brother... Percy," I introduced him to them.Sherri's cheeks suddenly turned red as she waved at Percelbowing Kay-kay while staring at the guy I introduced.I faced Percy, but he didn't seem to notice the three."Percy... This is Rheanna, Sherri, and Kay-kay."Percy smiled at them, causing them to giggle and almostcouldonlygrimace

 me stand on the skateboard with both feet."Have you learned a lot from them?" he asked."A little," I answered hesitantly."Let's see," he said with a mischievous grin.Suddenly, he pushed me hard. Out of shock, I forgot evetaught me. I couldn't even remember how to stop the skaeven more when I saw that I was heading straight towardcliff.I'm going to fall!"Jay-jay!" one of them screamed.I just closed my eyes and braced for impact as my body cground, followed by the skateboard hitting my head.Good thing I was wearing a helmet."Nice! This is going viral!" Percy shouted as he ran towa"Is she still alive?""What just happened?""Thatlookedpainful!"

 As I stood up, I felt the pain in my back. I had landed on Good thing I was wearing protective gear, but it still didnthe pain."It hurts..." I whispered as I tried to hold my back.Sherri and Rheanna helped me walk and sit properly on twas carrying my skateboard.And Percy? Oh, he was there—watching the video he toohis heart out. He was even slapping his thigh as he laughstared at him."Look at your face, Jay!" he said, showing my phone to mlike you've been drained of blood!"I was fuming!Out of frustration, I slapped his hand, knocking the phonIt felt like everything moved in slow motion. My phone fhelmet of a skateboarder near us, then bounced off and h before landing on the ground.I thought that was the end of it, but then a skateboard rolonce, not twice... but three times! Three times! And the rscreen.Holy cow calabao!

 "You animal! This is your fault!" I screamed while repeawith my phone."Ouch! Ouch! W-wait! Stop it!"Rheanna and the others came over. Kay-kay was still holskateboard."It's already broken, and now you're hitting him with it? more broken!" Sherri said.I stopped hitting Percy, but I still didn't take my eyes off verge of tears because of this guy. My blood pressure wahim."Let me see..." Kay-kay said, extending her hand. "...Mafixed."I handed her my phone. She tried to turn it on. It lit up foturned off again. She tried once more, and this time, it sta"This can still be fixed... Let's take it to my brother. He csaid."No need! I'll just buy you a new one," Percy said.Wow! Rich kid vibes...Iiditlkdhi"Id'tt!"

 "Kuya!" Kay-kay called out as she put down the skatebocarrying.Rheanna and Sherri placed their skateboards on the longdown. Sherri immediately walked inside the shop, just liA well-built man came out, wearing a blue t-shirt with a face. Kay-kay spoke to him and handed over my phone."The screen is the only issue... The phone still functions,I just nodded and let him work on my phone. It took quitRheanna and Sherri started getting bored, so they went bKay-kay followed them, leaving just Percy and me waitinI took off the protective pads on my elbows and knees. I helmet. I was still glaring at this blue-eyed idiot. Should eyes out? Night fell. Kay-kay came back, saying that her friends hawas almost dozing off because of the long wait. I was abthe bench when the repair guy called me."Miss..." he said. "...Your phone's screen is fixed, but I nCurious, I approached him. He showed me my phone andunfamiliar app."O?"dh'ld"hih?

 "It really seems like a virus... Do you want me to format I had no idea about these things. I didn't even know whatto my phone. I glanced at Percy, who looked completely I turned back to the repair guy. "M-maybe tomorrow instHe nodded at me. I then signaled Percy to pay the guy. Hwalked over and pulled out some cash from his wallet.We thanked the repairman and left.We returned to where Percy had parked his car. I placed the backseat. I sat next to Percy and buckled my seatbelt phone again—it looked like new! Well, newly repaired!"What could this be?" I wondered as I tried to open it."Which one?" Percy asked, glancing at what I was doingI showed him the app. He had no reaction. He started thedriving.This app was a huge mystery to me. It was so suspiciousknow anything about this stuff, so I had no clue what to ddownloaded apps without thinking."Why don't you ask your classmate?" Percy said seriousli

 Chapter 204: EruptionJay-jay's POVPassword Incorrect!This app is driving me crazy. I really can't understand itsme up all night, and I could barely put my phone down bchecking that darn app."Are you even listening?"I lifted my gaze to my older brother. He was starting to lewhile we were waiting for my ride."Obviously not," Aries chimed in.I immediately glared at him and hid my phone because malready giving it a suspicious look."I'll ask you again... Why didn't you go with Yuri yesterdquestioned."I had somewhere to go," I quickly replied."Where?"

 My brother just nodded and signaled for me to leave. I stoutside, passing by Yuri. But before I could reach his carstopped.What if he was riding with him again?I lowered my head and practically crawled toward the calooked ridiculous as I peeked through the windows fromI was looking from the rear, I couldn't see who was sittinUgh, this is annoying! What if he was in there again? It wembarrassing since he has his own car, yet he's riding alosomething?!Hah! Hah! Karma, bro!"What are you doing?"My whole body stiffened when I heard that voice. I almoagainst the car window just to avoid facing him.I knew it!"Again... what are you doing?" Keifer repeated.Kissing the car!Slowly, I turned to face him while keeping my head dowlkdlikkidbilddbthitIltt

 "W-what are you doing?!" I asked in frustration, still avoI felt relieved in this position because at least I didn't havhad to stay strong in front of him. I had to show that I wawhat he did."Look at me," he ordered, but I didn't comply."Look. At. Me."Don't look..."Look..." He held my chin and lifted my face. "...At..." O"...Me."My whole system cursed at once. My hands and knees stwhen I saw his eyes again.They were so close to mine.His eyes...I don't want this. He'll see that I'm still affected by him. Iand at the same time, I did the best thing I could think ofI crossed my eyes and made myself go cross-eyed. It hurleast his face was now a blur. The only downside was thaof him.

 "Serves you right," Keifer said.I rested my eyes for a moment. When I was sure they wethem again and shot him a glare. He still hadn't moved hikeeping me trapped."Move!" I shouted at him, but he didn't budge."Damn it! I said move!"He's so good at pissing me off!A slow smirk formed on his lips, his eyes looking at me c"Keifer."I turned to the one who called his name. It was Yuri. For I was thankful for his sudden appearance."...Let's go," he said flatly.But the smirk on this bastard king's face didn't disappearhim just to wipe that smug look off."Move!" I yelled at him again.Instead of backing off, he leaned in even closer, which pmore. I pressed my head against the car window to put sobetweenusbutitwaspointless

 Surprise!!! Your insides just blew up!Why is this happening? I shouldn't be affected anymore. But my body refuses to cooperate. It reacts on its own."Jay-jay..." Yuri softly called my name.I slowly looked at him. He didn't have any expression, buextended toward me."I-I'm not coming with you," I said."That's not an option. Angelo might get mad."I glanced inside the car for a moment. That Demon Bastathere, completely relaxed."I don't want to ride with him."Yuri let out a deep sigh. "Keifer can't drive yet. His wounsaid it still hurts whenever he moves his entire arm."So I have to be the one to adjust?!"Tsk! Annoying!" I huffed and stomped toward the backI got in with a loud thud, making sure not to look at that Aeyesstayedfixedonthewindow

 That Demon is pulling his snake moves on me again. Analways.When we arrived at the school parking lot, I quickly got didn't wait for them and walked straight to my classroomclassmates greeted me, but I ignored them."Good morning," Ci-N greeted me as I sat down.I ignored him too and just buried my face on my desk.I could feel the Snakes passing by in front of me. I wasn'doing it on purpose or not."Jay-jay..." Ci called me while tapping my shoulder. "...HI lifted my head and looked at him in annoyance. He washanded me a chocolate bar."I don't want it," I said and buried my face back on the dme again."Come on. Take it before they grab it," he insisted.Tsk! So persistent!"I said I don't want it. Hide it if you don't want to share,"Iwasabouttorestmyheadagainwhenhedidthesamet

 "Alright, I'll just keep it. We can eat it later," he said as hinto his bag.I glanced at the Snakes who were watching us. The momthey quickly looked away and pretended to be busy.My gaze locked with that Bastard Keifer.Look at what you did!I rolled my eyes at him and turned toward the door.I felt so heavy inside. I do yell at Ci-N sometimes, but noI took a deep breath and grabbed my headset and phone I planned to listen to music, but my eyes landed on the OI still couldn't uninstall this cursed application.I looked around for Edrix, and sure enough, he was therechair while playing on his phone.I stood up and walked toward him.I could feel everyone's eyes following me, as if they had move."Edrix"Icalledhim

 "I-I don't know what that is."You didn't even look at it properly!I frowned at his reaction.It felt like he was avoiding looking at my phone.I placed it down on his desk."You're good with gadgets and computers, right? Uninsta phone, or just format it completely." I ordered, slightly irEdrix bit his lower lip and wiped his palm on his pants.My frown deepened.His behavior was odd.Too obvious. It was like he was hiding something from mI'm not an investigator, but I won't let this go!"B-because... Jay-jay," he stammered. "...I-I can't."One of my eyebrows raised so high it could almost touch"You can't do it?" I asked sarcastically. "Who are you foo

 his neck.I KNEW IT!I slammed my phone down on his desk, making a loud ncompletely caught everyone's attention."Answer me! I'm starting to get pissed off!" I yelled at hiHe shut his eyes tightly, biting his lip again. I could tell—they were hiding something from me. They did somethinagain. They were ganging up on me again.I clenched my fist and punched the desk out of frustratiowouldn't let them do this to me anymore."Jay-jay," some of the others called out to me, but my foEdrix.He swallowed hard and took a deep breath before finallyagain. He picked up my phone, and to my shock, he unloeven asking for the password.He tapped on the app to open it, and when it asked for a pentered it himself. The application opened, and he turnedme.He was the one who installed it on my phone.

 "A-and besides that..." Edrix continued hesitantly. "...thianother phone."He glanced at Keifer, making me look at him, too.He showed no reaction. He was just listening, like everyohelp but glare at him."All of your text messages and phone calls go through thadded. "So whoever has the linked phone can read your mto your calls."It felt like I was doused with cold water. Shock and fury as I turned back to Edrix. I felt like a prisoner under survlost my right to freedom.I lost my privacy."W-why did you put that on my phone?" I asked, strugglvoice steady.Edrix lowered his head. "B-because of your previous mePercy."Fvcking shit!I ran a hand down my face, unable to believe what I was "Whhiitlikdt?"Ikdi

 I couldn't hold back my anger anymore. I wanted to smaswanted to punch all of them one by one. I had no idea thethis far."You're unbelievable!" I spat at Keifer. "You really have He remained expressionless, staring at me as if he didn't "You're so determined to carry out your plan, huh?! Evenwasn't off-limits to you!" I shouted. "...Are you really thiInstead of responding, he just rolled his eyes at me, whicover the edge.With large, heavy strides, I marched toward him, ready tin the face. But before I could land a hit, someone grabbewrapped tightly around my waist, lifting me away from K"Let me go!" I shouted, struggling."That's enough! Stop it!" It was Yuri's voice.I was the one who had to stop?!He carried me out of the room. Only when we were a goodid he finally put me down. I glared at him and shoved h"Jay..."

 I ran my fingers through my hair, trying to hold back, buanyway, spilling over from pure anger.I swore I wouldn't cry anymore, yet here I was again. An just falling—they were racing, as if there was a competitdown would turn into an eye booger!"Can you all just stop already?! I'm so damn tired..." I clu"...Just leave me alone."I used to think I was the problem. That I was at fault for those bastards at the same time. I thought I was wrong foI nearly lost my self-respect, believing I was nothing butshould be lining up in the plaza with women waiting for A certified slut, in other words!I was practically losing sleep over them—overthinking thwould end up hurting one of them. My guilt ate me alivemyself to smile whenever I was with the one I loved.But it turns out they were the ones playing with me. I wastrung along.If I thought I was a flirt before, now I felt like a completemight as well build a statue of myself.hillfhhilii!

 I wanted to give up.And it seemed like my body wanted the same. My kneeswhole body suddenly went limp, and the last thing I saw fading into darkness as I heard Yuri's panicked voice."Jay-jay!"

 Chapter 205: Visit KikoJay-jay's POV"Are you eating properly?" the nurse asked me.I couldn't answer. The truth was, I hadn't been eating welskipped dinner, rarely had rice for breakfast—mostly juscouldn't even eat properly at lunch."N-not really," I answered weakly."No wonder..." she said as she stood up.She took something from her table and returned with twoliter of juice. She placed them on the table beside my bed"Your classmates brought these for you. They said it's fowith a smile. "...Your body weakens easily because you'r properly." She placed some medicine next to the lunch b"After eating, take this," she instructed.I forced a smile and nodded at her. She left me and returnlooked at the lunch box on the side table, then picked it uwasfilledwithfoodandIknewEmanhadcookedit

 If I didn't eat, I wouldn't be able to take my medicine. If Imedicine, I wouldn't be able to leave this place. So even inside, I started eating.I missed this!I hurriedly finished my meal and took the medicine the nwas planning to rest, but I knew those bastards would cohere any minute now. I stood up and adjusted my uniform"Where are you going? You still need to rest," the nurse sme standing up and fixing myself."I-I'm just going back to the classroom," I lied."But you still need to recover," she insisted.I had no intention of arguing with her. She stared at me fwhen she realized I wouldn't budge, she gave up. She letclinic.I had no plans of going back to the classroom. I kept walstraight to the school gate. I only had the money in my powas gone, completely shattered earlier.It should have hit his face, so I wouldn't feel this regret nI was nearing the school gate when I overheard some guylkihiildld'hlbli

 "That's what happens when you have strong connectionsAries Fernandez, after all."Aries was the one who reported it to the guidance office?I was confused by what they were saying. How did Ariesone to report it, and why was it immediate expulsion? I scontinued walking.If earlier I didn't know where to go, now I had an idea. I looked for a ride.Before long, a taxi arrived, and I quickly hailed it. It stopwas about to get in..."Jay-jay!" someone called out to me.When I turned around, I saw Yuri running towards me frhurried inside and shut the door."Benedict Hospital, please!" I told the driver urgently.The taxi quickly drove off before Yuri could reach me. I him as the car moved. He stopped at the gate, not taking I just wanted to get away.I knew this was the right thing to do. I felt like I couldn't ItiftliIfltlik

 He was holding a closed book while tilting his head back breeze from the surrounding trees.I slowly walked toward him and observed him. His neckwere gone, but his left leg and right hand were still wrapp"K-Kiko," I called out softly.He opened one eye first, then the other when he recognizstraightened up slightly and smiled."Jay-jay..." he greeted. "...How are you?"I smiled back and crouched slightly to be at his level. Henow—not as skinny as before. His face also looked brigh"You seem like you're about to be discharged soon," I teaInstead of answering, he studied my face as if trying to reThe smile he had earlier slowly faded."Can you do me a favor?" he asked. "...I want to go arounyou push my wheelchair?" he requested.I smiled and nodded. I pushed his wheelchair as he had a pathway along the side. My steps were slow because, hosurroundings felt so peaceful."Tllt"hid"Yh'tiitdi

 "Mind telling me what happened?" he asked, his voice fiI took a deep breath. I had come here to find out if what Ialso wanted to check on him.But now, it felt like that wasn't my reason anymore. I stomoved his wheelchair near a bench. Then, I sat down so other."You look pale. Are you sick?" he asked.I smiled and shook my head. "I'm just tired." I bit my lowexhausted from everything that's happening to me.""Jay..." he called my name. "...The guys from Section A tchaos."I was the one who was supposed to check on him, but nosituation had flipped. Maybe I was the one who needed tthe hospital.I took a deep breath. "Have you ever been ganged up on?"Well..." He looked at the bandages on his leg and arm. "Obviously!I chuckled at my own question. He had it much worse—hbkiltillMhilItdih

 Aries, really?! Just wow!"Pfftt... Aries. He's another problem. Another reason for msaid, slightly annoyed.He looked at me with curiosity. "Why is that?""Turns out that Horoscope guy is my brother. And he hatreason I don't even know."He tilted his head slightly, as if deep in thought. "Weird.""Exactly. Weird.""But when I tried to attack you... he was the one who camI froze at what he said. Aries was the one who came? Imthose two best friends who helped me.I let out a fake laugh. "You must have amnesia from gettKeifer and Yuri were the ones who helped me."He looked at me seriously, with a bit of confusion. I stopcoughed slightly to shake off my discomfort."No. It was Aries. And now that we're talking about it, I rshouted before punching me: 'Let go of my sister.'"IwascompletelyconfusedHowcouldArieshavebeent

 "We were worried about you, so we followed you," Ci-N"Who's that, Jay?" Kiko asked, his back still turned to theI turned his wheelchair around so he could see what I waexpression immediately changed—he looked afraid, andunderstand why.After all, he was now facing the very people who had betheir glares toward him were anything but friendly."You look great," Keifer said sarcastically.How did these snakes find me?My phone was destroyed. I hadn't told anyone where I w"H-how did you know I was here?" No one answered, but they all looked at Keifer. That wasunderstand."I have my ways," said the King of the Demon Snakes.I gave him a sharp look. I really hope that deadly glare isknow what's up! This is so annoying! What did he use th"Damn you!" I shouted at him.

 "Jay-jay!" Calix scolded me."Kiko already told me! You weren't the ones who saved mhurt me!"Keifer and Yuri exchanged looks. It seemed they didn't eout."Jay... That's what Aries asked us to do, so—""LIAR!" I shouted angrily at Yuri. "...You only said that badvantage of the situation!""Jay! Just listen!" Eman pleaded."And then what?! You'll just lie to me again? Damn it! Hme!""Jay-jay, come on! Don't think like that!" Kit begged.I felt so heavy inside. I just said I needed some space, ev but here they are, right in front of me again. They really "If you can, just leave. I don't want to see you right now,"Jay-jay," Yuri's voice was pleading."Kiko needs to rest too. You're disturbing him—" I stoppwhenIrealizedhewasn'tbesidemeanymoreIdidn'tfee

 "Faster! Faster!" Ci-N shouted, raising both hands.I quickly ran toward them. If Kiko didn't die from the befrom a heart attack because of these lunatics."Stop that!" I shouted as I chased them.But it seemed they had no intention of listening. They puwheelchair even faster. I only noticed too late that Davidstop them.He blocked the wheelchair, and the idiots braked like a ccould crash into David. They stopped, and I took the chaand Drew hard.I also pulled Ci-N off Kiko's lap. I immediately checked "Are you okay? Does anything hurt?" I asked.He was breathing heavily, and his face was pale, as if alldrained from it. I couldn't blame him for being scared—I just didn't turn as pale as he did.He hadn't even left the hospital, and it looked like he wasmore injuries."J-Jay... P-please. Just leave with your friends," he said,  breath.

 That's when I noticed we were being stared at by other pnurses, doctors, and visitors."S-sorry, Jay," Ci-N said.He was looking down, playing with his fingers. It was sowanted to yell at him and blame him, but it was pointless"If Kiko gets worse, you're all dead to me," I threatened CDrew."I can't believe this," Keifer said angrily. "...You're sidingas I remember, he tried to rape you!"I glared at him. "At least he's not a liar like you," I said aI took big steps to leave quickly. But what's the point whlonger legs? Someone suddenly grabbed my arm and dracar.King of the Demons!"Let me go!" I shouted at him.He didn't say anything. He just kept pulling me, which mangrier. Damn this jerk! He never fails to annoy me!"Let go!"

 "Fvck! Get in!""Damn it!""GOD DAMN IT!" he shouted loudly, punching the closI froze, and my heart skipped a beat. It was terrifying! I'vthis before, but I still couldn't help being scared. My kneleaned against the car.Shit! I didn't expect that!I slowly looked at him and saw the rage in his eyes. Thatwhen he's ready to kill someone."One more time... Jasper Jean. One more time you go nemake sure he never sees the light of day again," he threatlooking at me.He slowly removed his fist from the car door. The dent frclearly visible."Now, get in the car," he ordered calmly.I obeyed! He might punch me next!My body was still shaking as I got into the car. I felt likemind from fear. I thought I was supposed to be mad at hiittiddlfli?

 Chapter 206: SwitchJay-jay's POVHave you ever woken up feeling like you just didn't wan because you're lazy, but because you're just so exhaustedsleeping.I'm tired of living...I didn't know this day would come. It feels like my life hand there's no point in continuing like this. This feeling iIt's like it was just yesterday...I forced myself to get up when I heard Mom's voice outs"Wake up... You might be late," she said while knocking"Okay," I replied lifelessly.I went straight to the bathroom and went through my moclipped my hair, changed into a t-shirt, and walked to thethey were.Momwastalkingloudly,tellingsomestory.KuyaAngel

 "What do you mean, nothing? You're about to graduate hLola told me you wanted to go to college."I didn't respond. I ate as if I couldn't hear anything. I donthe food tasted like nothing."Mom's talking to you," Kuya Angelo said."I don't want to talk to her," I muttered under my breath, enough to escape their hearing."Jay-jay!" Kuya scolded.It's so annoying!It's like my ears suddenly got tired of hearing them. I donname coming out of their mouths anymore."Aren't you tired?" I asked Kuya, still staring at my plate"...Because I'm tired of your lectures.""Jay-jay!" Mom and Tita Gema called out simultaneouslEven without looking at Kuya, I knew he was glaring at mfeel Aries' eyes on me."What do you want me to do then? Forget everything thaasked authoritatively.

 "Jay? Is there a problem?" Tita asked worriedly.Just leave me alone..."Crazy," Aries muttered, but it was clearly meant to be hYou're crazier!"Are you starting with me again?!" Kuya asked angrily. seeing me get mad, don't you?!""I'm done," I said almost in a whisper."What?""I'm done! I'm done hearing your lectures! Stop it! Stop amy father!" I shouted, slamming the table.I took a deep breath and glared at Kuya. It felt like I was with what I did. I was scared, but my anger took over."Jay-jay!" Aries shouted at me. "...Stop it!""Aries!" Tita scolded him.My gaze stayed locked on Kuya, who was currently killiI knew it—I didn't even need to ask. The way he was looall.

 I quickly walked away. I didn't want to hear another lectuheart were too tired. I might not be able to take it anymorI might just collapse!I took a shower and got ready to face my daily punishmewhere the annoying Judases who ruin my life are.When I left my room, Aries was already waiting for me. furrowed, and his arms were crossed.Maybe he'll tell me my horoscope for today."What's your problem now?" he asked without looking aI wanted to answer his question, but I couldn't. Even I doanswer. It's like I woke up from a bad dream and got slapI just shook my head and was about to walk away when Iremembered something."Aries," I called him, and he looked at me annoyed. "T-thhe raised an eyebrow, clearly not understanding what it wclear to me why I said it.Of course, I was the one who said it!"FforsavingmefromKiko"Iexplainedandhisexpr

 At least he can still smile despite everything that's happecan't even force myself to do the same.I went straight outside without waiting for him. I was abo backseat door when Yuri stopped me. He had been follow"Sit here... Keifer won't be joining us today."YES!!Finally, something good is happening in my life today. I going to be one bad thing after another.I moved to the passenger seat beside the driver. Yuri evenfor me before walking around to the driver's side. He starstayed quiet during the ride, just like always."Jay?" he called me. "...Are you okay? You seem differenI just shook my head and looked out the window. As if thabout me. I'm still the same. I'm still mad at them and hisKing of Demons.We arrived at school, and as usual, I got out first and leftcar. I'm so kind. Seriously!So kind...IltthItdH

 I ignored him and just sat in my seat near the door. Yuri cme. I knew the other one wasn't here yet—why am I evenhim?! I don't care if he's late. In fact, it's better if he doesdon't have to deal with his face.I just slumped on my desk, burying my face in my arms. my whole head in the desk. I stayed like that for a few mfalling asleep, when I felt someone poking me.Ci-N again...I didn't want to acknowledge him, but of course... it's Ci-we go— "Jay-jay," he called me. "Don't sleep, I have something toI turned my head to face him. I looked at him boredly. heagain, leaning his face closer to mine."My birthday's coming up," he said excitedly. "...You're c party, right?"Oh, right...he did give me an invitation. The one that looked like it w birthday. His birthday's on Valentine's Day. The day of thI didn't answer. I just turned my head away to avoid himhdhdhilkdhh

 "Do you guys want to attend the Career Orientation?" Sirclass."What's that about, Sir?" I heard Denzel ask."Is there free food?" Ci-N chimed in.Sir laughed before answering. "They'll teach you the righcareer that suits you.""We're not going, Sir. We'll just choose our careers oursereplied, then smirked. "...Denzel will be a house husbandat a gambling den, Edrix at a computer shop, and Eman i"You're so annoying, Calix!" Denzel shouted, and the othYou're all so good at this!Even Sir laughed and shook his head at their antics. At lethe nonsense of these Demons."Choosing a career that suits us is easy, Sir," Mayo said. won't go.""It's up to you..." Sir said, smiling. "...What courses are ytake?""PILOT!" Ci-N shouted loudly, raising both hands. "I wa

 "Like you have a choice when it comes to what your pareteased.Ci-N grinned at them. "Did I say I wouldn't do what theyTsk! he's so cheeky...The others shook their heads, scratching their necks. Evereact the same way to what this little brat said."How about you, Jay-jay? What course are you planningasked, focusing on me.Even without looking at the idiots, I knew they were starso used to their antics by now.I avoided Sir's gaze. "Nothing, Sir.""Why nothing?"He really had to ask..."I'm getting married right after graduation," I replied bor No one said a word. I could feel the weird tension behindAlvin was glancing at them.I had a strange feeling about what was happening, so I slaroundandwasshockedtoseeKeifergrippingYuri'scol

 Honestly, I shouldn't care about them. It's fine if they killleast it'll reduce my problems. If the King dies, it's HappyIf Yuri dies, I'll still be a Dalagang Pilipina by the time I'So it's fine! Go ahead and kill each other!Our class with Sir and the other teachers ended. It was luforgot to bring food. Looks like I'll have to endure hunge"Jay-jay!" Ci-N called me excitedly. "...Let's eat!"Instead of joining him to go to Eman, I walked out of the planning to just hang out on the second floor to pass the could get close to the stairs, someone grabbed my arm.Felix...I pulled my arm back and glared at him. "What do you w"B-because... j-join us for lunch," he stammered, scratchneck.Tsk! Of all people, he had to invite me..."No," I replied quickly."Jay... You don't have anything to eat. Just come with us,"What'sittoyou?!WhydoyoucareifIstarve?!"Isnapp

 I was left alone. Which was fine by me. I continued my pthe second floor. As expected, the wind was strong, and iI remembered how David, Ci-N, and I used to hang out hWe wanted to hide from those idiots, so we ended up eatEventually, even Mica and Calix started joining us.It didn't last long, though, because Eman came back to cstarted eating inside the classroom, except for Calix, whosecond floor.I never thought I'd say this, but I kind of miss those time people to eat with, even if I was the one bringing food fo"You look like you're in a music video here, huh?" someI glared at them, ready to curse, but I stopped when I rea"What are you doing here?!" I asked, slightly annoyed, aHe raised his hand, holding a box of pizza and a plastic bOoohhhh.... Pizza!"Felix texted me. He said you weren't eating again," he sstuff down in a corner.I walked over to him and sat beside him. The pizza box abtWithtdIdthbdttd

 He just laughed at me. He grabbed a slice too and starteddidn't talk because, of course... you know! We were bothWhile we were eating, Percy suddenly handed me a whitto ask what it was, but based on the size, I already knew."What's this for?" I asked before taking a bite."What do you do with a cellphone?"Honestly, I still prefer my old cellphone. Even though I ksomething wrong with it, I still like it better. All my pictumy pictures and videos! I'm frustrated that I can't figure iThat phone and I had history!"You don't want it?" he asked, snapping me back to realiI hesitated at first, but I took it anyway. I need a cellphondoesn't?!After eating, I was about to grab one of the drinks he bronoticed the bottle. It wasn't just any drink."You're shameless! This is alcohol!" I said, holding up thHe just smiled at me before grabbing one and opening it."Iknowyouneedthismore"heteased

 True... No one really comes to our building, so I'm sure no one wmy crazy stepbrother brought alcohol. I looked at the bigfrom ours. I didn't see anyone there.They wouldn't see us anyway because their building is falike the school intentionally isolates Section E from everI think I need this too!I let him open one. My throat felt dry as I tasted the alcohthat long since the last time I drank, but it feels like years"Good, right?" Percy asked with a smile."It's good.... But so is the beating I'll get from Kuya Angabout this."He just laughed before taking another sip. I set the bottlethe cellphone box. It looked just like my old phone."Add my number. So you can call me," he said, taking ouI turned on the phone and started pressing buttons. Once went to the phonebook and added a contact."Ready," I said.

 Chapter 207: ColdYuri's POVJay-jay was acting weird. Almost all of us kept glancing restless in her seat, as if she wanted to do something."Is Jay-jay okay?" Felix asked.I shrugged. Even I couldn't answer that. This morning, shus, and now, after lunch, she was acting like this."Son of a b*tch!" Jay suddenly shouted, making us look "...It's so hot!"But it was actually a bit cold.The weather had been gloomy since this morning, so it wShe removed her necktie and slightly unbuttoned her bloHer undergarment was starting to show.I immediately stood up and approached her. She was exp

 She continued fanning herself with her hand. She wasn't tipsy. I could tell from the way she was acting."Fix your uniform. You're already showing—SHIT!"I cursed loudly when she fully unbuttoned her uniform, eshouldn't be seen.I quickly removed my polo and used it to cover her frontoff, but I smacked her hand away. She glared at me."I said it's hot!" she yelled at me.That was the alcohol talking... Good thing she wasn't com"Who gave you alcohol?" I asked again, now more anno"Your bald grandfather."I could only hold my temples in frustration at the way shwas being difficult, responding with sarcasm, and imposThat's the price, Yuri. That's the price."F*ck! It's so hot!" she screamed again and threw my po"What the..." I heard Keifer say.IlookedathimjustasheenteredtheroomHiseyebrow

 His eyebrows completely met in frustration. He quickly r but at the same time, Jay-jay started undressing again, mI wrapped my polo around her, and Keifer did the same. react, Keifer suddenly picked her up like a sack of rice."F*ck! Put me down!" Jay-jay shouted."Keifer..." I called his name. "...What are you planning to"I don't know!" he shouted back and took a deep breath. stop her!"He suddenly walked out of the room. I immediately folloHe didn't stop walking until he abruptly turned towards tthe second floor."Where are you taking her?"He didn't answer and instead went straight to the farthestwhere the pictures of former Section E members were di"Put me down! I'll puke on you!" Jay-jay kept screamingKeifer struggled to get the keys from his pocket and thenI quickly caught them."Openthisg*ddamndoor!"heorderedangrily

 "Calm down, Jay," I said and was about to approach her, polos at me.I looked at her and realized that almost everything was euniform was completely unbuttoned. I swallowed hard anaway.Get a grip, Yuri!"Aahhhhh! Why is my uniform open?!" Jay-jay screame"You're the one who—!"Keifer didn't even finish his sentence because Jay-jay thrShe fixed her uniform and glared at us."Why are you both here?! You're planning something agyou?!"I ran my fingers through my hair in frustration. I was surdrunk, but judging by the way she was acting, I wished s"Are you sure she's not drunk?" Keifer asked me."She's not asking for a virgin to sacrifice. So, she's not drHe seemed to have understood what I said. Maybe she wbeingcompletelydrunkMaybejustonemorebottleand

 Keifer let out a deep sigh and ran both hands over his facand watched Jay-jay, who looked like she had already faThis was better than earlier when she almost stripped in fclass.She didn't eat lunch with us. According to Felix, he tried she rejected him.I looked at my wristwatch to check the time. We wouldnnext class. I let out a deep sigh.This is all our fault. We shouldn't have let Jay-jay end up Now we're the ones struggling with what she's doing.I turned to Keifer, who had his eyes closed and was restinthe couch."Can you..." I started, but he still didn't move. "...tell me "The reason for what?" he asked nonchalantly.He was avoiding that question again. It was obvious thatsomething.Maybe they believe what you say, but not me.Youcan'tlietome

 But not like this.I looked at Jay-jay, who was sound asleep. Not in this situation. Not when she's so distant from us, even though she's righ Not when she's so angry at all of us."I still want to know the truth.""What for?" he asked and pulled out a cigarette.He lit it and offered one to me, but I shook my head to resmoke—I stopped a couple of months ago.Keifer suddenly chuckled. "You're really serious about qyou were just kidding.""Don't change the topic. Please answer me, Keifer."He blew out a puff of smoke and looked away.I was starting to feel irritated by his actions."You already know the answer, so why are you still askinanother drag from his cigarette.

 Keifer's answer was such bullshit.He even had the nerve to lie to me."That's the f*cking truth," he answered lifelessly.I laughed at what he said—laughed, but without amusemTalking to him was frustrating.I might as well talk to a brick wall."I was the happiest guy in town when you stayed away frIt felt so good to think that I finally had a chance with heBut when I saw her hurting..." I clenched my fists. "...I wyou.I wanted to blame everything on you and make you pay.""Then why didn't you?" he asked, challenging me."Because I know there is something else.""And that something is?""You're lying," I answered, making him pause mid-drag.

 He just finished his cigarette, then lit another one.It was hard to read his mind when he was like this."Keifer," I called his name with a pleading tone."...If you can't tell Jay-jay and the entire Section E, then "I have nothing to say to you."I couldn't hold myself back anymore.I grabbed his collar tightly."Damn it, Keifer! You're in love with Jay-jay, but you ch''Why?! What's the f*cking reason?!" I asked angrily.His lifeless eyes met mine."I'm not, Yuri. I'm not in love with her."I threw a strong punch at him.He didn't even fight back.He just sat on the floor, wiping his lip.So frustrating! Damn it!

 "If you don't have feelings for Jay-jay, then why do you gwhenever another guy gets close to her?"He couldn't answer.I smirked secretly.I knew he couldn't deny it when it came to jealousy.He stood up from the floor and looked at Jay-jay."I'm just playing around," he said and walked away.I was left staring at the door where he exited.I thought I could get him to admit it, but I guess I was wrI wasn't trying to make him confess just to humiliate himI was doing this because it hurt me.It hurt to see Jay-jay like this.Every time she looked at Keifer, I felt her pain for her.I never realized it could hurt this much to see someone imsuffering.IthoughtIshouldbehappybecausetherewasnolonger

 She heard us!"Jay-jay..." I called out and took a step toward her, but sh"L-leave me a-alone for n-now," she said in a broken voiInstead of following what she said, I sat beside her and hShe tried to push me away, but at the same time, her tearshe gave up.Jay-jay was like a child who had just lost her favorite canI let her pour out all her pain—toward us, toward Keifer.I'm so sorry you had to hear those words."Damn it!" she screamed as she cried."...I-I told m-myself I w-wouldn't cry a-anymore, b-but hagain!""I'm sorry, Jay. I'm so sorry."She kept crying.She cried until she fell asleep.Herheadrestedonmychestwhileherbodyremainedbe

 "K-Keifer..." I heard Jay-jay mumble in her sleep.Even in her dreams.This hurts.Even in her dreams, she still thinks of Keifer.If only I could help her forget him, I would."Aishiteru..." I whispered.I let her sleep for a while.She woke up just as classes were ending, so we decided tI was the one who took her home, just as I had agreed wiShe remained silent throughout the ride.When we arrived in front of her house, I quickly grabbedshe could get out."Jay... I'm sorry—""Stop apologizing, Yuri," she cut me off."...Your sorry won't change anything."

 It was Hahaoya."Hahaoya? I'm on my way home."["That's good to hear."]"Is there a problem?"["Keifer is here. He's waiting for you."]At our house? Keifer?"Okay... I'm almost there," I replied before ending the caI quickly resumed driving.The building wasn't far from where I had stopped, so it dto get there.After parking the car, I went straight to the elevator.I had a weird feeling about this.My conversation with Keifer earlier didn't go well, so it wcame here.When I reached our floor, the maids greeted me, but I didto finish.

 He looked at me and threw away the cigarette he was holHe gave me his usual cold stare."Do me a favor," he said directly.Even though I was confused, I waited for what he was ab"...Keep Jay-jay safe."I frowned.Out of nowhere, he came here to ask me that favor?Seriously?"Why are you saying that?""You love Jay-jay, don't you?" he asked, making me pauOf course, I do!"O-of course...""Then here I am, letting her go.I'm stepping aside for you."I shook my head slightly.

 I thought he was going to say something else, but he justroom.I immediately followed him."Keifer.""This is the only way," he said, stopping in his tracks."The only way I can save Jay-jay..."He let out a heavy sigh."...is by hurting her."He quickly left my room and walked away.I didn't want to overthink, but why did I feel like his famto do with this?What have you done, Keifer?

 Chapter 208: MasterYuri's POVMy morning didn't start well. I stayed up late thinking absaid. I know he's hiding something. It's so frustrating havon his mind.I was about to head to Otosan's office to say goodbye. I dlate for school, so even though I was still sleepy, I decideneeded to pick up Jay-jay.I stopped when I noticed a lot of maids gathered in front door. Even Auntie, the oldest among the servants, was th"Good morning, Young Master," Auntie greeted me respe"Good morning," I greeted back. "...What's going on?"Auntie was about to answer when a familiar voice calledoffice."Yuri-kun, is that you?" It was Tanda.What a way to start the morning!

 I stayed in that position until the Head Master told me to and knees were already hurting.Why now?!I don't understand why the Head Master is here. All of a nervous for—I don't even know the exact reason. Please me back for training—it's not possible yet!Jay-jay and I are still not married. If I return to Japan witnot be able to come back to the Philippines. That would bA very huge one!And now, of all times, when I no longer have any rivals fI've finally decided to help her move on."Tachiagaru." (Stand up), the Head Master said.I stood up but kept my head bowed. I was sweating bullefeet."Anata no kami ni nani ga okotta nodesu ka?" (What haphair?)Oh shit!I forgot about my hair. Why haven't I dyed it back yet?

 "Sore wa watashi no tame ni yoku meiro. Iro no subarashlooks fine to me. Great choice of color.) He said while coI didn't know if I should feel relieved by what he said. It he just laughed off one of my antics. But what if he findsother misadventures? I might end up facing his Samurai."Ani." (Big brother), Tanda interjected. "Naze koko ni iruwa daijōbudesuka?" (Is it okay to ask why you are here?)The Head Master stopped laughing and smiled at Tanda."Yumori... Watashi wa anata no kazoku o hōmon shitai." want to visit your family.) He looked at me. "Watashi wainai." (I'm not getting younger.)We all looked at him at the same time. I could see the conface. It seemed like he was hinting at stepping down from No!I'm next in line to become the Head Master. I'm not readythe training starts now, he might step down early. But if Iseparated from Jay-jay."Oji. Anata wa sore o itte imasu ka----" (Uncle. Are you The Head Master quickly cut off Otosan. "Īe. Īe. Son'na kidkdi"(ld'hiklikh

 their training. It was passed down early to Tanda's brotheage as me back then.His son was supposed to inherit the position, but he died when I was still young. They searched the entire family f but no one met the current Head Master's standards. Unticalled lucky child—was chosen.I wasn't even old enough to think for myself, but my namlisted as the next Head Master. This is also why Tanda coabout my decisions. I quickly learned what I was capable"Yuri-san... Anata wa ima sugu deru koto ga dekimasu. Achikoku surudeshou." (Yuri... You can leave now. You'll bI nodded and bowed, slowly stepping back. I was about tHead Master said something that made me stop."Raishū anata no fianse o tsurete kuru koto o wasurenaidwa kanojo ni aitai." (Don't forget to bring your fiancé nexlike to meet her.)I'm dead!"Hai, Heddomasutā." (Yes, Head Master.)I had no choice but to agree. That's what he wanted, and have no choice but to bring Jay-jay here and introduce he

 When the elevator opened, I hurriedly walked toward mya rush, you'd think my wife was about to give birth. I waholding my breath.Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!The trip was quick because I was in such a hurry. I arrivehouse, but their maid was the one who greeted me."Has she left already?" I asked."Yes... Angelo isn't here, so Jay-jay was like a bird that eShe left in a hurry," their maid replied."Alright. Thank you," I said and quickly went back to myI just hope she doesn't do anything reckless that might reHead Master. I stopped by Mini Mart just in case she wawasn't.I continued driving, but I had to slam on the brakes whengroup of men running across the street.The hell! Of all times, when I'm in a hurry!I let the men cross, but then I looked to the other side of were chasing a girl.IT'SJAYJAY!FVCKINGHELL!

 I ignored them and kept running to catch up to Jay-jay. I disappointed because I saw her fighting with a few men."Jay-jay!" I shouted after she punched one of them in thein the face.She just glared at me. Her eyes shifted to behind me, so IIt was the men I had passed earlier. I moved closer to Jayshielded her behind me."Damn! You really made us run!" one of them said, catch"Why did you even chase me?!" Jay-jay taunted.I looked at her and signaled for her to stay quiet, but she eyes. I turned back to the men. They weren't familiar to mwe hadn't fought them before."Gentlemen... Maybe you can leave her to me so you donyourselves out," I said calmly.It wouldn't be good to get into a fight now that the Head This will definitely reach him."No way! That girl's crazy! We just asked for her name, aour friend right away.""You guys look like monkeys anyway!" Jay-jay shouted,h

 Before they could get past me, I grabbed the arm of the oearlier. He looked at me and tried to shake off my hand.I looked at him seriously. "I'm asking nicely, but you're n"Let go of me! I don't have time to waste on you!""Don't worry... I won't waste your time," I said and punchHe fell to the ground, staring at me in shock. I looked at twere also surprised by what I did. I stepped closer to themsuddenly charged at me.I threw punches one after the other, hitting their faces. So back, but I dodged easily. They were clearly new to this keven kicked one who managed to dodge my punch.They all fell, and their angry expressions were replaced w"L-let's go!" one of them shouted, and they all ran away, were clearly struggling to move.I turned to Jay-jay, who was obviously not happy with weyebrows were furrowed, and her arms were crossed."Are you alright?" I asked."You're such a killjoy, you know that?" she said irritably.fiht!Whdidhtbtti?"

 "Right... But— Jay!" I didn't get to finish what I was saysuddenly walked away.I followed her and jogged a bit to catch up. She still had tlook on her face. I had no intention of letting her fight alodoesn't ask for help, I'll still help her.I need to think of what to say to the Head Master.I glanced at my car. It was blocking the road, and there whonking cars. I walked over and opened the passenger doI looked at Jay-jay and waited for her to get in. She glareseemingly debating whether to get in or not."We might be late... Let's go!" I urged.She let out a deep sigh and got into the car. I quickly ran  because my car was really causing a traffic jam. Good th police nearby.During the drive, she was staring out the window, as usuato her about the Head Master."Jay-jay... Can we talk?""You're already talking," she replied boredly.PtiPti

 "Well... Somehow, somewhere, and something came up tMaster is at our house," I tried to explain quickly and clewants to meet you."Her feisty reaction faded, but she kept staring at me. I didwas scared of the Head Master of the clan."Yuri..." she called me, and I looked at her for a momentfavor?""W-what is it?""Can you find my *paki* in what you're saying? I can't ssaid sarcastically.I sighed. I knew it. I could feel she had something to throthough I was curious about the word "favor" she used, I lHow long are you going to be like this?I know this is our fault, but I can't help but miss the Jay-jknow. This is what pain does. It changes a person.We arrived at school. Before I could even park properly, car, just like she always does.It's sad. If this keeps up, I might talk to Tanda and Angeloff the wedding.

 He's just like his best friend. Always spouting cheesy lineannoying! They both deserve to be cursed.Maybe grow a third eye or lose a nipple.I hadn't even reached our room yet, but I already smelledfamiliar. I quickened my pace because it felt like I knew When I got to the room, they were all gathered around thmakeshift kitchen was—well, *their* kitchen. We don't h"Pancake! Pancake! Pancake!" Ci-N kept chanting whiletable. "Pancake! Pancake!""Alright! You sound like a broken record!" Eman said irrI knew it smelled familiar. They were making pancakes. and made me hungry. But I had no intention of joining thI sat down in my seat and grabbed my phone. I plugged iand turned up the volume. I just listened to music like I aI kind of miss my old phone.It had a lot of games and other stuff. There were even moThis is all because of that *Dimunyung Hari ng mga UluKing of the Idiots). I even had to change my phone numbIdiddtttPIllbd

 **Message:** Guess And he had the nerve to make me guess.**To: Percing...****Message:** Tryingtolook handsome?**From: Percing...****Message:** No need!I'm already handsome. I cringed at his reply. This guy's confidence is on anotherI feel like slamming his face against a wall to tone it dow**To: Percing...****Message:** I'm sure he was laughing at me again. My phone buzzed was him, but it was an unknown number.**From:+639*************Message:** My life.Huh?! Wrong send, maybe.

 the number carefully, but it wasn't familiar.**To: +639*************Message:** Who is this?**From: +639*************Message:** You're my everything.Is there even a name like "You're my everything"?People these days can't even come up with normal namesunique, but "You're my everything"? Really?I was about to reply when I stopped because of the plate my face. Ci-N was smiling as he handed me a plate with It looked fresh and hot, with melted butter and syrup spreoff my earphones and faced him."I don't want it... You eat it," I said unenthusiastically, pu back toward him."It's delicious! Remember when you made this for me?" I remember. It was during grade posting day, and it was aaccused of stealing. I just shrugged at him, but of course,Peraltawe'retalkingaboutso

 I was starting to get annoyed with what he was doing. I paway again, but he just kept doing the same thing. he wame, which only made me more irritated."Ci, I said I don't want it. You eat it or give it to someonecalmly."It's for you.""I don't want it.""Just try it. I promise you won't regret it.""I said I don't want it."I was getting close to losing my patience. I was trying to  but if he didn't stop, I might not be able to hold back.Calm down, Jay, calm down.he took the fork on the plate and cut a small piece of pantoward my mouth."Try it... Say ahhh," he said, holding the fork with the pamouth.I turned my face away, but he kept following me. I was rannoyed! My hand instinctively moved to push his hand kkithlttfhihd

 were mixed."I-it's okay... I'll just get you another one," Ci-N said, hisclearly on the verge of tears. he forced a smile even as hifrowned. My irritation was gone, replaced by anger.Anger at myself because I was hurting."Stop this! Can't you see?! We're not going back to how tgive up!" I shouted angrily."Jay-jay," David called out, trying to stop me. I glared at I heard Ci-N sob. I slowly turned to him, and it felt like awhen I saw him wiping her tears with the back of his han"W-why?" he said. "...Why should I give up?" he looked you give up when I was accused of stealing? Did you givMica, on Denzel and Grace? On Drew? Did you ever givJust stop!I bit my lower lip and looked away. I admit, this is hard fwant to push them away, but it hurts."...So don't tell me to give up! Because you never gave ugive up on you either," he added, taking a deep breath. ".get you another pancake."

 Chapter 209: Section EJay-jay's POVPercy has been quiet. He's been silent since he arrived, bWe're back on the second floor again.I've already eaten and am currently staring at his back. Hleaning his elbows on the railing. I sighed and stood up tmy elbows on the railing too and looked at the trash beloIt would be nice to hang out here on the second floor, buruins the view."Percy..." I called him."Mm?" he replied."You've been quiet. What's up?" I tried to tease him, but work.He just looked at me and shook his head. It felt strange! Iwas carrying some heavy burden."Hey... Percy," I called him again and nudged him slightl

 "That's harsh..." he commented."I couldn't control my anger," I said, almost in a whisperWe both closed our eyes as a cool breeze brushed past usrefreshing up here, thanks to the trees around."I have a question for you," he said, and I waited for him"...How did you last in that Section?"Last?"T-the truth is..." Because they made me feel like I belonvalued and protected me too. Because they went along wdon't know."He let out a deep sigh. I let him be because it seemed likethought. We stayed quiet for the next few minutes.I still can't get the image of Ci-N wiping his tears out of m become that cold? Have I changed? Am I a bad person n back to who I used to be?"Percy..." I whispered, but it seemed like he didn't hear mforgive?"He wasn't speaking. So I had a strong feeling he didn't headmit, part of me feels like my suffering is pointless.

 Is it just me, or does it feel like there's a deeper meaning He looked serious, so it felt like there was weight behind"Do you have a problem?" I asked him. "...It's obvious."He slightly bowed his head and smiled. That made me fe"It's unfair..." he said, turning around to lean his back agawas leaning his elbows on earlier. "...I told you before, rimy Mom."I nodded, and he continued speaking."She left us when I was little—just like what your Dad dwhen we met again when I was in the hospital, it hurt eveshe let them think I was dead..." He sighed and looked upaway from here and gave me a new life, but she never coany of it."She made decisions without telling him.I know that feeling. Like you don't have a mind of your oto me too, and honestly, it's really hard."H-how did you forgive her?""It just happened... One day I just woke up and realized ther was slowly fading," he answered with a smile.

 They bet on me, ganged up on me, and made me believe"...And now she's starting again," he said.I looked at him, confused. Is that why he's like this? Is ththinking about?"W-why?""She knows I've already shown myself to everyone. She shouldn't have come back." He shook his head while biti"...So annoying!"I just stared at him. He was clearly upset about what his Mthere's one thing on my mind that I really want to ask him"W-when is Dad coming back here?" My voice had a pleThe irritation on Percy's face faded, and he slowly becamturned to me slowly, swallowing hard.I'm scared of what you're going to tell me.He took a deep breath. "He's not..." He coughed slightly. back here."I straightened up while keeping my eyes on him. He's noWhat's this? Damn it! He's told me so many times that widh'tibk?

 "I'm just waiting for your birthday... You'll be of legal agwon't have control over you anymore, so you can come wI swallowed and slowly shook my head at what he said. Imy eyes off him, even though I blinked several times."I-I don't think... that's going to happen," I said, and his efurrowed. "...I'm getting married when I turn legal age."So I can't go see Dad."...To Yuri," I said.At first, I wasn't sure if he knew about the engagement, bwhole Section E knew about it, so it wasn't impossible foHe clenched his fists when I didn't answer. It seemed likeannoyed again. I know he has a problem with Yuri, but hit is.Freya was the first thing that came to mind, but it felt lik"That Palito guy is something else. I feel like lighting hissaid, looking in another direction. "...He's such a cowardsneaky. He even tricked you into agreeing to that marriagHe's really weird when it comes to Yuri. All his anger anto spill out whenever Yuri is brought up.

 I wanted to say "YES," but I couldn't. I remembered everme and what Yuri did to me. It's more accurate to say..."N-no.""Then don't say he's not a coward.""But---"I didn't get to finish what I was saying because he suddenchair lying near us."I fvcking hate him," I heard him mutter.I let him pace around and vent his anger. He took severalThey really are like siblings—both struggle to let go of thAfter a while, he came back to stand beside me. He still lit seemed like his anger hadn't gone away."Can I ask you something?" he asked.I was ready to snap back with "you're already asking," bu back because of the look on his face—it felt like he'd punanswer properly."W-what is it?""DidFelixsayanythingaboutaGangwar?"

 "That's another thing that's pissing me off! I heard him lasomeone over the phone. I tried to talk to him, but he refuanything. We argued about it, and I almost punched him,clenching his fists.So that's it! That's why he's been acting up..."W-what was he talking about with the person on the pho"I couldn't understand it. But he said they're joining that I don't remember Section E being a gang. So I don't undeget involved in something like that. They're just a Sectionlikes to pick fights, but they're not a gang."W-when is this Gang War supposed to happen?"He looked at me seriously. "Later."Right away?!"...I'll try to stop Felix. So annoying! I was gone for a wh brother's turning into a troublemaker," he added.I watched him for a moment until my phone buzzed, so Imessage had come in.**From: GagongBaliw**

 We cleaned up our mess and threw it in front of the roomthe front looks like a dump anyway?I was about to head back to the room but stopped when Ifollowing me."What are you doing? Your way is over there," I said, poopposite direction."I'll stay in your room for a bit. I'm too lazy to go home,"toward our room.I followed him and just let him do what he wanted. Whenroom, everyone's eyes were on him. They looked shockeexcept for the "king.""Where do you sit?" he asked, scanning the room."Here," I answered, pointing to my desk near the door.He looked at it and then at Ci-N, who was sitting next to left near me was the bench behind me."Kid..." Percy called Ci-N. "...move. I'll sit there for nowCi-N just stared at him. he looked at me and then back at"No," he replied.

 "No."Here we go! Two kids arguing.Percy was clearly getting annoyed with Ci-N. He could'vspot behind me, but no, he had to pick Ci's spot. Good lumove."What's so special about your spot that you don't want toasked irritably."I like sitting next to Jay-jay.""I want to sit next to her too.""Do you think she wants to sit next to you?" Ci-N tauntePercy turned to me, and I could see his eyebrows furrowearlier hadn't gone away, and it seemed like it was only g"I'm going to deal with this kid," he muttered to me, but heard because his eyebrows furrowed too."Just sit there," I said, pointing to the spot behind me."No. I want to sit here," he replied.I sighed and shook my head. His childish side was acting

 "I'll flick your forehead! You've been like this the whole at Ci-N."I'll kick you! You've been like this the whole time!" he smimicking his tone."You've got some nerve, huh?""You're ugly, huh?"Percy turned to me, pointing at Ci-N."The kid's picking a fight with me!" he said, sounding lika parent.I sighed and stepped closer to Ci."Move for now. You can have your spot back tomorrow."he pouted slightly and blinked. "But I want to sit next to I looked at Percy, bored. "he really doesn't want to. Therdo.""This kid's so stubborn! And he's so short," Percy mutterCi immediately glared at him. "This ugly guy's so annoyuncircumcised."

 "I don't know about you," I said boredly and sat down in Percy had no choice but to sit in the spot behind me. OccCi would still bicker. I wanted to scold them, but I knew of breath.My phone buzzed again. Another text message from the GagongBaliw. The message was empty, so I ignored it, bhe texted again.**From: GagongBaliw****Message:** ILoveYou my Everything...Tsk! Who is this idiot!**To: GagongBaliw****Message:** Idiot!I was smiling as I sent my reply. This guy's really persisthimself. If I ever find out who this is, I'll make sure to bl**From: GagongBaliw****Message:** I'm notanidiot,butmaybe an Ulupong.I immediately looked at the Dimunyung Ulupongs. Noneholdingaphoneordoinganythingsuspicious

 Our teacher arrived, so I put my phone away. I faced the to be interested in the lesson, but the truth was—nothingthrough to me.Occasionally, I'd glance at the two beside me. They just wone point, they even started throwing paper at each other"Shorty.""Uncircumcised."They whispered insults at each other. I couldn't get any ptwo around. Maybe I shouldn't have let Percy come hereCi-N away.They're such a mess!While waiting for the next class, I grabbed my phone, plagame. I stopped when I saw a text message.**From: GagongBaliw****Message:** I'm your saviour.Isavedyou from your kclaimed my price onthe same day.I frowned. What is this idiot talking about? Is he crazy? Hthings he's saying don't make any sense.**TGBli**

 I suddenly felt nervous because of what this crazy guy w be Kei—NO! This isn't the King of the Ulupongs. He wotime doing something like this.**To: GagongBaliw****Message:** The fvck!Who are you really?!**From: GagongBaliw****Message:** Itold you. I'm your saviour. Isaved you wblindfolded.Blindfolded? I only remember one time when I was blindthe kidnapping where the Dimunyung King got stabbed.**To: GagongBaliw****Message:** You're the one who kissedme?My hands were shaking as I typed that. It wasn't Keifer wtime. So who is this jerk?**To: GagongBaliw****Message:** Yougotitright. Damn it!

 Chapter 210: Gang WarJay-jay's POVGoing Home! The happiest time of the school day. Goinghome!"I'll be the one to take Jay-jay home," Percy said seriouslYuri just nodded silently and looked at me with sad eyeshim.I noticed Percy glaring at Felix. His brother was doing th been like this for a while now, and it seemed like their eyengage in a sword fight.They looked like they were about to brawl."Come with us," Percy ordered."We have somewhere to go," Felix answered seriously."What if I cripple you so you can't go anywhere?" Percy  brother."What'syourproblem?!"

 "Take Jay-jay home. We're leaving," Felix told Percy befSoon, they were all leaving the room one by one, leavingme behind. We looked at each other."Are you thinking what I'm thinking?" he asked."No. And I don't care what you're thinking," I replied.His eyebrows immediately furrowed."You're impossible to talk to, you know that?" he said saOf course! That's me!I smirked a little, but he just scoffed at me. He started waquickly followed."What were you thinking?" I asked."I'm going to follow them. You should go home," he answhis pace.I sped up to keep up with him. "What?! I'm coming with "You're so stubborn! You can't!""I don't care! I'm coming!"

 I smiled in victory and walked ahead of him. As if he couStubbornness always wins, man!Outside the school, his car was parked. Since I was aheadhim before I could get in."You're so slow!" I complained as he approached."Wow, huh?" he said, mimicking Babalu's voice.Haha... It suits him.He opened the car door, letting me get in first. He followengine, but we didn't drive off immediately."Aren't we leaving yet?""You can walk, I'm taking the car," he said sarcastically.I punched his arm with all my strength."OUCH!" he yelled. "...The fvck! What's wrong with you"I'm talking to you properly, and you're just messing arouHe rolled his eyes while rubbing his arm. We waited for  before he finally drove off.HewasdrivingslowlyIwasabouttocomplainbutthen

 'Parts for Sale''Available Tires'I had no idea where we were, but there were a lot of signor offering to buy them."What is this place?" I asked Percy."A garage and an impound lot. This is where they bring cto be scrapped."I looked around again. All I could see were mountains ofshells. Percy slowed down and suddenly turned off the enHe fell silent as he scanned the surroundings. I wasn't uslike this. I was used to him being playful and corny.Maybe I should get him drunk?"So, what are we going to do? Just stay here?"He gave a slight nod. "Do you know how to drive?""N-no. Why?""Nothing."Thisguyissoweird

    Message:Home already?I didn't reply. Then, I opened the next message.From: GagongBaliw   Message:Imiss you.I grimaced when I read it. This guy again. I just deleted hmy phone back in my bag."They're starting," Percy said.I looked at Percy when he said that. I scanned the surrounsee anyone or hear any noise."Huh? There's no---aaagghhh!" I screamed as a large chusuddenly fell on the hood of the car. "W-where did that c"Damn it! My car's scratched!" Percy yelled, starting theHe sped up the car, turned somewhere, then turned off thout of the car. I did the same and went to check the scratccar's hood."Don't go too far!" Percy shouted, so I almost ran to catcHis steps were quick and purposeful, like he was lookingpositionedhimselfbehindapileofstackedcarsHesatd

  but it seemed like he was the only one I could focus on."Shit! They're not here!" Percy said irritably.It seemed like he was looking for Felix. It was true, they suddenly stood up and walked quickly. I followed him.I felt like a dog following him! This is frustrating!I almost had to run because of how fast he was walking. huge, like he was about to charge into battle.We stopped when a masked man suddenly fell in front of pulled me and hid me behind him. We both looked up at first person I saw was Ci-N, who was still kicking his op"Jay?" David called out while holding a man by the neckCi-N looked at us and immediately smiled. He delivered opponent before walking toward us."What the hell are you doing here?!" David asked irritab"Are you joining the fight? Or are you just going to watcme with a big grin.I just looked at him and David, who still hadn't let go of tneck. Was he going to kill him?

 Suddenly, I remembered the words I said to him. I felt likcould he blame me? I was so tired, even though I wasn't We squeezed through somewhere, and I noticed Eren and punching and kicking their opponents. Mayo and Josh wthem, looking like they had just finished off their own opI looked back at Percy and realized that he was already faran to catch up. He kept looking around.Then, I saw Denzel and Drew. Their opponents were alreDrew was patting down their pockets."They don't have any wallets! Stupid!" Drew yelled irritathem.We ran into Eman, who had a bleeding eyebrow. He seemsurprised to see us, but I chose to ignore him.Calix was walking ahead of us, dragging an unconsciousnotice us and just kept doing his thing.That felt so weird...I'd seen them fight many times already. It was normal forit because they were guys. They always did that, and it hdaily routine for them before.iflbllikhhd

 Edrix was chaining his opponent to a post and continuouRory was relentlessly hitting two men with a wooden stic begging him to stop.Shit... Why?!I unintentionally held onto Percy's arm without realizinghe didn't mind. He continued searching for Felix. We stofell from above. I looked up to see where he had fallen frwho was on top of a pile of metal and car frames.My grip on Percy tightened, causing him to face me."Are you alright?" he asked.I swallowed before nodding at him. It was obvious he didHe held my hand and squeezed it."Really? Do you feel anything?"I do... I'm scared!It felt like everyone who entered this place turned into de"A-I'm just... I-I'm just scared." I lied, cringing at what I I felt like slapping myself for saying that. Damn! It souncouldn'ttellhimtherealreasonbecauseIknewhisprior

 But I turned back to him when I heard a loud noise. It soucrashing. I could see the worry on Percy's face.Shit! Please no...We both ran to follow the sound, and when we reached thnothing but metal that looked like it had fallen from a grePercy punched the air in frustration. He still couldn't find behind us when I heard a familiar voice.The Vipers.It seemed like they were walking in a line."Percy." I called out, pointing at where they had passed.We walked side by side, heading in the same direction asstopped when we saw Keifer.He was still in the same spot from earlier. This time, the facing earlier was kneeling while holding his right wrist.The guy seemed to be in pain. The idiot king flicked his man to scream loudly.What the...IcoveredmymouthKeiferhaddonethisinfrontofme

 "...What else do we need?""Do you think this will make us stronger?! Ha?! Do you enough?!" he shouted back angrily.I didn't understand what was happening. Could someoneThe Demon King is all over the place.(N/A: He loves you.)Damn! This isn't real. It's all chaos here."What do we do? Should we join every gang war here?"Edrix asked irritably, and the King glared at him."If that's the only way, then we will." Keifer answered fir"You're just increasing your enemies! Ask Jay-jay's cousmore connections." Josh said angrily."It's not possible." Yuri answered lifelessly with his arms"...He'll distance Jay-jay from us if it happens.""Then that's good!" Drew yelled. "...so we can make sureBoth Yuri and Keifer glared at Drew. I was confused andwhathesaidSafewhere?WhydoIfeellikethere'ssom

 This is Percy's fault. Look what's happening now, all therunning through my head."Oh, why do you look like that?!" Drew asked irritably. "of losing Jay-jay, huh?!" he asked, amazed."...You're doing something wrong, and now you're all likYuri quickly grabbed his collar. "Shut up, Drew." He saidDrew stared back at him fiercely. Even the other Vipers stension and looked at us. It almost felt like the tension cofight any moment.Let them just fight already!Suddenly, Ci-N, David, and Eman turned toward us. Thethree at first, but it seemed like the idiots also noticed thetoward us.Yuri released Drew's collar and looked at me sadly. The o puzzled, while Keifer didn't show any reaction."J-jay? Have you been here all this time?" Felix asked, h between us.I couldn't respond because Percy was in front of me, and back was to me, I could feel the anger radiating from himldi

 "Is this what you taught my brother when I wasn't aroundangrily."...You taught him to join the killings?!"Yuri and Keifer looked at each other instead of answerinturned away, like they were about to walk off. It was so rhelp but shout."Don't be rude!" I yelled at them.Yuri turned to face me after stopping, while Keifer remaito us.It's better that way... It's better that I don't face you."Jay----."Before Yuri could speak, Percy cut him off. "Damn it, YuYuri sighed and lowered his head for a moment. Before hagain, the King interrupted him."Your brother has his own mind. Whether we teach him him if he wants to join us." He said without looking at usEveryone's gaze shifted to him. Even I looked at him, aninexplicable reason, I felt something strange.

 He was wearing a black mask with sharp, spiky things— pig.He was hunched, and his head kept moving in an eerie mdirectly at me, causing the spiky things to move.Okay... He's creepy.He held a knife in his right hand. I swallowed several timI tried to step back, but I saw him step forward toward mmovements, and so did he.Shit! If I look back to call Percy, who's currently arguingme. My heart is pounding from fear and nervousness.Damn...I couldn't move from where I stood. I couldn't help but trterrifying. And it seemed like I was his target.I was about to scream loudly, but it seemed like he saw t beat me to it.He lunged at me with the knife pointed toward my body."P-PERCY!" I screamed and closed my eyes.IbracedfortheimpactoftheknifebutitnevercameIh

 I felt someone's arm around me. I looked and saw Percy'leaned slightly on him, my knees feeling weak.I looked back at the masked man. Instead of answering Klaughed at us, which made Keifer even angrier.He let out a grunt as Keifer tightened his hold."What the hell do you want?!""We... Want... Her... Dead." The man said, his voice breaat me.We? There's more than one?"Who?! Who wants her dead?!" Keifer asked angrily.Instead of answering, the man just laughed again. What tcrazy? Damn it! I should never have come here.Keifer seemed to have had enough. He twisted the man'shear the bones snap. The man screamed loudly in responBut what really made me fearful was when he said, "We Who are they? Why do they want me dead?A deep sigh escaped me. I think I know the answer now.IlookedatKeiferangrilyHereleasedthemanwhowas

 We all looked at the laughing man. He was holding his wmaniacally."Sato, Jason, and Ram." He looked at Keifer, Yuri, and mWhat the hell!I pointed the blame at him, but it turns out I have some reBut it's still his fault!Damn it! This isn't a normal life anymore, and now I'm odying."Who's Sato?!" Keifer asked irritably."Keifer." Yuri called his name.He was emotionless, looking down. We were all confusehe spoke, everything became clear."I fought him before." He said. "...And it looks like he's cnow."And now it's me again... Damn it all!This is such a mess! Why the hell did I even come here?"Go back..." Keifer said, looking at the masked man. "...GJasonandRamTellthemI'mcomingforthemandI'llb

 I stared at him, confused. He too was holding back his anFelix, who seemed puzzled by what he said."You all need to come back with me to New York."

 Chapter 211: Birthday giftJay-jay's POVI suddenly found myself staring at the world map. The Pha tiny dot, while New York looked like a patch. It was soother side of the world! Where could Papa be over there?how long would we stay in New York? What about my sLola? What about the people I'd leave behind here? Wha back? What if... What if... What if... What if... I had so mI crumpled the map without thinking. I couldn't understafeeling. It was like I was excited but also scared. A mix ofelt like there were butterflies in my stomach. I couldn't sof me was telling me to go. Of course! I'd finally get to sanother part of me was saying I couldn't go. Ugh! This isAnother thing on my mind was Kuya Angelo. I knew he  Neither would Tita Gema or Mama. But what Percy said*"I'll sneak you out if they don't let you. Just come with mSneak out? Oh my... Who knows where we'd end up? It'seloping. I don't think I can handle that.IldthhitAtt

 I can punch him in the face.I almost crushed my phone screen as I typed a message tkeeps texting me. My reply to him was sweet.**To: GagongBaliw****Message:** *Look atit!*See? My reply was so sweet!Let's see if his nose doesn't flare up in anger. Anyone wowere cursed at in a text for no reason. Then my phone ransmiling as I read his message.**From: GagongBaliw****Message:** *ILoveYouToo!*My jaw dropped as I blinked in disbelief. I wanted to smagainst the wall out of frustration—but it's brand new, soI really, really want to meet this animal. Just once. I'll letsweetness of my fist.An idea popped into my head. I just didn't know if it wou**To: GagongBaliw**

 Son of a b*tch, this pervert. All I can say to him is a deep*PUTANG'NA MO!* This guy's a creep. If I ever find ougo Super Saiyan 4. I really want to punch his face. I'm some even angrier when I think that I might know who thisIs it Keifer?Impossible! He wouldn't stoop to something like this. Aneven text me like this—if it's even him. Is he messing wiWell, he sure has a weird idea of fun.*"I'm just playing around."*Sh*t! Something in my heart twisted when I rememberedwas looking straight at me when he said that. So everythiwas just a game to him.So annoying!I slammed my phone on the study table. Some of my thinstack of papers. They shifted slightly, and an invitation aI slowly picked it up, and my heart almost broke when I  N's invitation. I sat down on the bed.Ci-N's birthday...I remembered him crying in front of me. The words he sadiihih'hlidh

 I gripped the invitation tightly. I'm so annoyed! I'm annoannoyed because I let myself be fooled! I'm annoyed becruined by their lies! I'm annoyed because they hurt me! I because even though they hurt me, there's a part of me ththem. A part of me that wants to reach out and accept theBut it's not possible anymore.... We're not the same as be"S-sorry Ci-N... Things can't go back to the way they weI let go of the invitation and quickly went to the bathroomFor the last time, even if it can never happen again. I wansmile like he had no problems, like he was the happiest plike his smile could make you smile too. For the last timeAfter showering, I got dressed. I brought my wallet and proom, I immediately saw Kuya Angelo. I was about to teleaving, but he turned his back on me. It seemed he was I decided to just let Tita Gema know instead. It looked likaround since I hadn't seen her since this morning.Before leaving the gate, I checked my surroundings firstsomeone might be following me again, trying to harm mgotten over the whole "we want her dead" thing. I had nowere. What if they were pretending to be beggars just to "Ate, can you spare some change?"

 I squinted at him, scrutinizing his entire body. His legs wand wounds. He smelled terrible, like he hadn't bathed in"Are you sure no one sent you here? No one paid you to asked.He shook his head vigorously, looking like he was aboutalready welling up in his eyes. I lowered my hand but ke"C-can I go now?" he asked, slowly stepping back."Wait!" I shouted, and he looked like he was about to havHe was in such a hurry!I reached into my wallet and pulled out some coins. I hanand he looked at me curiously."I thought you were begging? Here you go!"He slowly raised his hand to take the coins. When he sawhim, he raised an eyebrow."This is it?" he asked, sounding annoyed.Wow... He's complaining about 10 pesos."What?! You don't want it? Give it back..." I said, reachinbuthepulledhishandaway"Youdon'tseemtowanti

 I couldn't believe this kid.Frowning, I took out my wallet again and pulled out 100to him."Here! Stick it in your lungs!" I said irritably, but he justLeave! Go home and take a bath. My perfume's embarrasmell."He sniffed himself. "I don't smell.""What do you mean you don't smell? I can smell you frodon't want to land on you.""That's just you, Ate... Remember, the nose is close to thWow... Just wow..."What if I combine your nose and mouth? Want that? HuHe stepped back, laughing. I was really getting into it wi punch to the head, and I'd be satisfied."Go home already! Stop messing around!"He held up the money I gave him, walking backward wit"I'll buy rice with this! Thanks, Ate!"

 While browsing the department store, I saw someone famRakki...I was about to take a different route, but it seemed she haShe walked over to me with a smile, holding a paper bag"Hi, Jay!" she greeted me cheerfully."Hello..." I replied half-heartedly.She seemed to sense that I wasn't in the mood to talk to hslightly. I wasn't mad at her or anything. I just didn't feelanyone."Are you also looking for a gift for Ci-N?" she asked awI nodded. "You too?""Yeah."We fell silent after that. I glanced around, and so did shesend her away or leave because that would've been rude.didn't want to..."D-do you want to look together?" I offered.She immediately smiled and nodded. There went my planHow was I supposed to think of a gift with someone as cd?

 I placed a hand on my stomach and looked at him. "Sure"I'll take care of it. My treat," she said, holding my hand There it is! I stumbled upon another free meal...Rakki took me to a restaurant. The waiter greeted us withshowed us to our table. I felt awkward as I watched RakkIt was only now that I realized Rakki was rich. I'd alwayslooked like an angel, but I assumed she was just like me—not wealthy."I'll order. Do you want to add anything?" she asked, snamy thoughts.I slowly shook my head. "N-no, that's enough. Thank youShe spoke to the waiter again, and I watched her. My eyediamond ring on her finger.This girl's loaded!"Is it nice?" she asked, and I looked up at her. "It's a gift I have one too... From Yuri.I just smiled and nodded. She's lucky to have a sibling likI'mjustluckyIhavetwosiblingsonewho'sabitcrazy

 I was right... she knows."Y-you don't have to apologize for him."She took a deep breath and looked at me. She reached ouhand, which was resting on the table."You're important to Ci-N," she said, squeezing my heart brags about you to me."Sh*t!I bit my lower lip. "You don't have to do this."She let go of my hand, and we both looked at the waiter wapproaching with our food.We ate in silence. I really didn't understand why she felt Why she was apologizing for Ci-N.As we continued eating, a family nearby burst into laughclapping, so I looked over. A little boy was dancing in frosmiling widely. His parents were cheering him on."Ci-N has never experienced that," Rakki said. "...being family for what he wants."I know... He told me before.

 Ouch... What's so special about that? Just order some ricecorner stall.I frowned slightly. She still wouldn't say it. With all the stook from her, I would've thought they were a couple."But do you like him?" I asked, and her cheeks immediat"Y-yeah...""Perfect! That guy is head over heels for you. What are yShe cringed at what I said. "Jay-jay, come on! You've seeFourteen-year-old body, four-year-old mind."She had a point."...And besides, I don't want to have a boyfriend at fourtecomplicated. Maybe if Ci turns eighteen and we still feelabout each other... I might even make the first move."I felt embarrassed. At fourteen, I was already accepting sthe corner to walk to school together, and I was all giddyfirst time having a boyfriend.Turns out, he was gay.That's when I realized relationships shouldn't be taken tohCtdIdid'tllththI

 I almost threw my utensils at Rakki. Good thing I caughtRelax! Relax!"That's why I'm so mad at those brutes! They taught Ci toolder brother is furious. And he won't even focus on his sthough it should be easy for him." She continued.Honestly, Ci-N doesn't seem like the smart type. He's alwThat's why I was so confident in betting against him befolearned the saying,   Don'tjudge a book by its cover.Here I am, seventeen years old, losing to a fourteen-yearhas an IQ as high as Albert Einstein."But do you know what changed in him when he met youshook my head. "...He became more cheerful. He's even  but in a fun way. He doesn't dwell on how his family nevanymore." She smiled at me. "...Because you're there. Hesister, the one who made him feel what family truly meanI suddenly felt tears falling. I couldn't stop them. It was linside me was smiling at his words.I never knew I had that kind of impact on him.If only you knew, Ci-N. You changed my life too.

 After paying for the meal, we headed straight to the gift swe needed. Then, we went to the toy store."Let's do this at my house," Rakki suggested, and I noddWe were waiting for a taxi outside the mall when I noticeAcross the street, directly in front of us, a motorcycle waseemed like the driver was looking at us.I was reminded of the motorcyclists who followed me bechallenged me to a race. Can someone check on my bikenuisance!"Do you know him?" Rakki asked, noticing my stare. "..him."I shook my head and smiled. "It just felt like the driver wso I was observing him."She didn't ask any more questions when the taxi arrived.Rakki gave the driver her address. But during the ride, I cglance behind us.It felt weird, like someone was following us. Next time, I'll definitely borrow David's high-class instinFor now, I need to focus on my gift for Ci-N. I just hope 

 Chapter 212: MotorbikeJay-jay's POVI suddenly found myself staring at Rakki's family pictureThere were five siblings in total. All of them were boys—who was the only girl and the middle child.But what I couldn't understand was...Why was Ci-N in their family picture?"Rakki..." I called out to her as she was tidying up our m N here?"She chuckled slightly before coming closer to look at the"He said he was going to be part of our family. Then he ithe picture," she explained while laughing.I couldn't help but laugh too. His confidence in ending upunshakable. I just shook my head at his persistence."Snack time."

 She placed the tray of food on the coffee table and observsmile. She looked kind of weird, but in an amusing way."Come on, eat," she invited me while giggling.Rakki sat down again, so I did the same. She then looked beside me."What's that?"A bomb!I glanced at it briefly before picking it up to show her. "Aasked Rakki to help me wrap it and decorate it."She read the card aloud. "Happy... Birthday... Ci-N!"She smiled after reading Ci-N's name. "You know Ci-N?"H-he's my classmate."She suddenly squealed in excitement, which I didn't undereturned the jar to me and clapped like a little kid."He's my future son-in-law! He and Rak—""MA!" Rakki cut her off."What?It'strueCi-Nissocute!IfyoutwohavekidsI

 Hearing that made me smile.Rakki could only slap her forehead. Her mom was so peradorable. She was clearly pro-Ci-N and wouldn't approvanyone else."Ma, come on! Ci-N is still young!" Rakki argued."Then wait for him! Just make sure it's only Ci-N, okay?I enjoyed watching them. It was obvious how close they It suddenly made me think of my own mom—if she hadnwould we have been this close too?You'd probably just be cursing at each other out of love."What if he likes someone else? I'd just be wasting my tihim."Her mom immediately frowned. "That's impossible! Ci-NHe has a crush.Suddenly, Rakki and her mom turned to look at me, theirshock.It seemed like I had said that out loud. I forced a smile, bcame out more like a grimace.

 Her mom immediately beamed and playfully poked her s"See? He still likes you! So wait for him, okay? No boyfelse!"The sadness on Rakki's face disappeared, replaced by an They continued teasing and joking around. I had already but they were still at it.My phone suddenly rang. I checked and saw a message fasking what time I'd be home.I didn't really want to leave yet, but it seemed like they wworried. I decided to say goodbye to Rakki's mom and to"Thank you for the snack," I said."You're welcome. Come back again, okay? Bring Ci-N wwith a smile.Wow! She's really rooting for them.Rakki pouted but quickly smiled when she saw me looki"Take care, Jay! Text me, okay?" She said while waving.I waved back and started walking away. I left my gift wit planned to go to Ci-N's birthday party together.

 It was so bright that I couldn't see anything. I raised my hshield my eyes with a shadow. The loud roar of a motorcme freeze.I frowned, staring at the source of the light.The brightness disappeared, revealing the silhouette of a motorcycle.Judging by his build, he looked like a big guy.I swallowed hard as he got off the motorcycle and removHe walked toward me slowly, stepping into the glow of aHe was wearing a leather jacket.I was right—he was tall and well-built, and... and... and..He was incredibly handsome!Ridiculously handsome!"Jay-jay Mariano?" he asked, looking straight at me.I couldn't bring myself to answer. Not because I was starstruck by his good looks.

 Is this it? Is my time up? Am I about to die?Are they going to kill me? Or will they play with me firsme off?Can they just kill me right away?"I'm not going to do anything bad to you if that's what yowant to talk," he said, smiling.Don't fall for that smile! It's got               fakewritten all over it."I-I don't talk t-to strangers," I stammered."But I'm no longer a stranger. I just introduced myself."Well, he's got a point!He's Jason, Ram's brother—the same Ram who once kidI also managed to hurt him and crush his face without reaHe's Jason—one of the three people who want me dead.HE'SJASON!—

 I feel like he didn't get the reference.Come on, that's a horror classic! A total package! ComplSuper Piritong Galunggong!(Fried Fish Extra Crispy!)I'm so innocent."Look, I'm really not here to harm you. I assure you, it's take action without the group's approval," he explained. need to talk.""About what?""About Keifer."   MOTHERFU—!"Sorry, the number you have dialed is thewrung  number. Please do not call again," I said, making his broweven more."...Because Jason, I've already faced too many brainless tthatdamnKingDon'taddyourselftothelistGobackto

 It's not even  Friday the 13thyet.Maybe there were no victims at the lake, so he switched motorcycle instead."I know what happened between you and Keifer," he saidfreeze. News sure spreads fast. Those Alphabet guys are really sThey must be the ones who spread the word about the Kimessing with me."...So if you're thinking that I'm going to use you againstadded.I really didn't want to trust him.But I had no chance against him if he decided to grab me"What if I don't go with you?""Then I will force you," he answered immediately.I'mdoomed

 "You're the one who raced me before! And earlier at the angrily, pointing at him.He smirked mischievously. "Now you know."This bastard..."You psycho! What's your problem?! Why did you race m bike!"He just laughed and suddenly held out his hand in front o"Before I forget. Give me your phone," he ordered."What if I don't?"He scratched his head and let out a deep sigh. "Look, I neyou're not calling for backup. Just hand it over. If I have my hands won't just be touching your phone... but also yHe winked, sending shivers down my spine.The bastard's a pervert too."Here! Stop talking," I snapped, shoving my phone into hHe turned it off and stuffed it inside his jacket. Then, he resting on his seat and put it on my head.

 "You idiot!" I shouted at him, and he laughed loudly.I tightened my grip on his arm as he suddenly sped up. Wmore was how he leaned so close to the ground that it felalmost scraping the road. Where were we going? I had nregretting why I even agreed to come along.The sky was already dark, and I was sure Tita Gema wasI even texted her that I was on my way home. I just hopetake too long.I looked around and was slightly startled to realize we whighway. I started to feel nervous, getting a gut feeling thhad something planned for me. Until we stopped in front(a place that serves goto, a Filipino rice porridge)?!I got off and immediately took off my helmet. I was still the sign on the tarpaulin.*'Superb Gotohan!'*Son of a... I wanted to say I was disappointed, but at leasof relief. I really thought this traitor had something bad pHe took the helmet from my hand. "Come on... I'll order.I sat down like an idiot in an empty spot at the far end of pointed to this area, so I sat here while he went to order t

 He took a deep breath, rested his arms on the table, and lcloser to me."We want revenge, and I know you want it too," he said.I smiled slightly and shook my head. "No."His eyebrows almost met in confusion. "What do you me"No, I don't want revenge," I clarified. "...if that's what ycould've done it a long time ago, but I didn't.""But why?!""It's simple. Revenge is for the weak. And I'm not as weathe same thing he did."He smiled and studied my face intently, as if trying to figstarting to feel uncomfortable, but thankfully, our order aWe ate first, and for some reason I couldn't understand, taround him started to fade. He was actually decent to be eating, we took a break before continuing our conversati"How did you even meet Keifer? Was it because of RamIf you think about it, he should be mad at me for what hawas the one who hurt him, yet they're still after Keifer.

 "I already know that," I said. "...he's like the leader of allHe smiled and took another calamansi, arranging it next he made."And then... This is the rival gang. If you mess with one,of them," he said. "...The one leading them is----.""You," I cut him off.He laughed and shook his head. "No. Ryosuke Sato is thJapanese and half-Filipino."Half-idiot and half-crazy?!Sato?! Wait! That's the guy who's Yuri's enemy and also Son of a...! Okay, that part's clear to me now.I looked at Jason. "What about you? Where do you standHe smiled and took a yellow calamansi. He took two of tthem between the pyramids of calamansi."Like Keifer... We're often called 'in-between.' We don't jdon't start our own like others, and we don't care about thgangs."I didn't say anything and just waited for him to continue.

  join the gang war if he didn't want to be part of any grouis really confusing."What about Ryosuke—Riyokwunan—the regular at theannoying, his name is hard to say. "...Why is he after me enemy?"He looked at me curiously. "Isn't Yuri courting you?"We're engaged, bro!"N-no."He shrugged. "Ryosuke probably thinks he's courting yoHe really emphasized the name Ryosuke.I frowned. "No! Clarify that to Riyo—I mean, Sato! Makhe'll leave me alone!""I'll try."I glared at him. "You! Why do you want me dead?!""Dead—what?!""Dead. To die."HelaughedandshookhisheadslightlyHelookedatme

 I wanted to ask about Ram's plans, but it didn't seem necJason slowly returned the calamansi to where he got them"You know... I've been thinking why Keifer never fell forstopping me in my tracks.If only you knew, I've been thinking the same thing."You're not super beautiful, yet somehow you have somecaptures our interest."I frowned. What was he trying to say? Don't tell me he hor I'll punch him really hard."...Or maybe I'm wrong. Maybe Keifer has already fallendoesn't want to drag you into his mess..."This guy's gone crazy. The goto must've messed with his"...we'll never know. Unless..."I felt a surge of fear when his expression suddenly changsay anything, he suddenly choked me. He knocked over things fell to the floor.Packing shit! I knew it!"Hey! What are you doing?!" shouted the female vendorh

 Obviously... What a stupid question!He smiled and suddenly let go. I fell to the floor along wsitting on earlier. I tried to crawl away.Jason forcefully pushed the table between us aside. He wwhile laughing."He's taking too long to come in. I'm getting impatient," closer to me. "...Looks like he really doesn't care about yHe really doesn't, so leave me alone!He helped me stand, and even though it was hard, I forceupright. I was still catching my breath as I looked at him"I thought he'd save you even if he was just nearby."So annoying!This guy really is an idiot. Crazy, just like his brother whnot close to. I mustered all the strength I had left. I kicketo stumble away from me.I almost fell. I was still breathing heavily as I watched hihe could say anything, I forced myself to walk away.But I guess I'm just unlucky. I was sure I wasn't mistakenithItththP

 "But what I really want to see is what Keifer will do whecrippled," he said, kicking the chair in front of him towar"Aaagghhhh!!" I screamed as I ducked.I heard it hit the wall near me. I glared at him. He was stilooked at me. He picked up another chair and threw it at I quickly jumped in another direction. I might as well be what I was doing. I looked at the exit, but his fellow traitthe way."Why are you avoiding me? Don't you want to face me?"I was practically crawling away from him. I looked at mysomething.My cellphone!I grabbed it and tried to turn it on, but I stopped when I sin front of me. I quickly stood up and tried to run, but his blocked me.They were like perverts laughing at me. That's when I nocustomers and the vendor were gone. No wonder no one  police or trying to stop us.I kept moving around to make sure no one could get closliillihhid

 Honestly, I was still weak. I didn't know if I could even fthe way Jason looked, I didn't think I could take him on.If Keifer was outside, I just hoped he'd care about me, ev

 Chapter 213: KingJay-jay's POVMy fist is trembling. I've already taken down five of themyet the others still won't stop. Some of them are getting bretaliate."Surrender now," Jason taunted."Screw you!"It's not like surrendering would save me—no one's comin No one cares. I pressed my hand against my burning chea punch earlier.Damn it! I feel so weak.I raised my arms again, bracing for whatever blow was cfist or a foot. It didn't take long before another punch waIt hit my arm, nearly knocking me down, but I managed I retaliated with a punch to the stomach, making him douthrowing up before collapsing."Jason!Thisgirlistough!"oneofthemcomplained

 I fought back with kicks and punches, but they only usedland clean hits on me. My stomach and arms took blow aWhy am I letting them do this to me?Is it because of what Jason said?Am I affected by the fact that he really doesn't care abouThat I'm just a toy for the King of the Venomous SerpentI lost my focus. Someone kicked my leg, sending me craground. They started kicking me like I was some kind of"Guess she wasn't that tough after all," Jason sneered.Then, suddenly, they all stopped and backed away.My eyes were brimming with tears that refused to fall.Crap! They're going to turn into eye gunk..."He finally showed up," one of them muttered.I lifted my gaze, and our eyes met. There was no emotionstood at the entrance, and I couldn't see anyone behind hHe came alone?

  Nothing could be worse than what I went through becaus bastard."Oh no... Looks like we went too far," Jason said with fatook too long, so we decided to have some fun with her."Keifer glanced at each of Jason's men."What happened to you?" he asked me, sounding bored. you couldn't beat them?"Wow.So he really expected me to win. That's why he didn't steeven though he was just outside. Unbelievable!I just rolled my eyes at him, refusing to explain. But honreason I lost."Your girlfriend couldn't handle us," one of them said."He's not my boyfriend.""She's not my girlfriend."We spoke at the same time, immediately exchanging glarYou piece of crap! I swear, I'd rip out his eyeballs and turpongballsifIcould

 "Shut the fvck up, Jason," the King of the Venomous SerJason just laughed loudly. He pushed himself off the wal jacket, acting like some wannabe bad boy. Just like the KVenomous Serpents."What do you want?" the King asked.Jason's smirk vanished, and his brows slowly furrowed."I want you dead, Keifer."Without warning, he hurled a chair at Keifer and lunged  punch. But it was pointless—Keifer dodged the chair eff blocked the punch with one hand.That's when I realized Jason was bigger than Keifer.But somehow, Keifer made fighting this Friday the 13th Oh no, Keifer's doomed. Maybe Jason's some kind of demKeifer countered with a kick, sending Jason flying backwJason's men started moving, but he held up a hand, signa back.He stood up again, his face burning with anger.

 I turned toward Jason's men and saw them grabbing somthe shop—looked like the kitchen.Knives!!"Keifer! They have knives!" I shouted.Jason backed away as one of his men lunged forward, grwas about to stab Keifer, but only managed to graze himimmediately retaliated with a punch to the jaw, knockingunconscious.But then Jason kicked Keifer, sending him flying like a rhappened so fast. It was clear that Keifer was struggling Jason had done to him.I glanced at Jason's remaining men. They seemed to be scommunicating, and some of them were moving toward Damn it! My body hasn't even recovered yet, guys!One of them was about to grab me, but I struck first, landstraight to his face. He collapsed instantly, blood drippin"You're really stubborn, aren't you?!" one of them growleme in the side.Before his foot could connect, I grabbed his leg and kneefhkldii

 I was about to counterattack from below, but my fist landHis you-know-what ... That place!Ughhh! Gross! My fist touched his crotch! Disgusting!Out of sheer disgust, I swung my fist into the face of the My punch connected with his jaw—knockout. Now there was only one left. He glared at me, acting likecharge, so I stepped back. But he just got into a stance inThis bastard!I faked a move as if I was about to lunge, and the guy flin backward into a table, knocking it over along with himseCoward! Damn it! This guy is just messing with me!I turned to check on Keifer. All of Jason's men were alreatwo of them were still standing.

 I looked at Keifer, and for a split second, I wanted to begBut my heart clenched—what was left of it—when he shto Jason."Can you do it?" Keifer asked. No one knew who he was talking to. I frowned as he sud"Can you do it?" he repeated.I glanced at the guy holding me hostage, but he looked juEven Jason was darting his eyes between us."Can you do it?"Is this guy a broken record? He just keeps repeating himsThen, it finally clicked.He was talking tome.How? I wasn't sure, but I had a gut feeling. That, and themy hand gripping the guy's arm.IturnedbacktoKeiferHemust'verealizedthatIunders

 "THREE!" we both yelled.I grabbed his knife-wielding hand with one of mine and ethe other. He let go of me, and I seized the opportunity tointo his face.At the same time, Keifer leaped into the air, spun, and kiin the face.Both Jason and the guy who held me hostage crashed to simultaneously.A moment of silence... for our sheer badassery.Both of us were panting. I scanned the area to see if anyoup and attack us. Keifer did the same. Our eyes met, and inexplicable reason...We laughed.We laughed as if what had just happened was funny.We laughed like we were the best of friends.We had lost it. Both of us had completely lost it.But our laughter died when reality slapped us in the faceTherealitythatsomeonewantedusdead

 I pulled away and tried to push him off, but he didn't bud No hugging! None of this! We're supposed to be mad at "H-Hey... W-Why are you hugging me?" I asked, flustereHis grip tightened."You're the one who wanted this... I'm just indulging youWhat?!I wanted this? And now he's hugging me even tighter?! Wnonsense is this?!"Y-You can let go now," I stammered."Are you sure? You seem to want more."Am I the one who wants this?!"I'm sure... L-Let go now," I insisted, still trying to push "I can feel it... You still want more."Oh, come on, man!You really passed this on to me! It's obvious he wants it nothingtosayabouthowsneakythisguyis.

 The sound of his heartbeat is so comforting. It feels like mine. Maybe he's right, maybe I do want his embrace."I know... you really want it," he whispered to me.Even though I couldn't see his face, I could feel it—he wsaid that to me. Honestly, I was confused. Here he goes afeel like there's something when in reality, there's nothinSo, even though I wanted to stay in his arms longer, I didwas right."Let go. I'm asking you," I said seriously.It looked like he understood that I wasn't joking anymoreloosened his grip, and I took the chance to push him awaTears were welling up in my eyes from the pain I was fee body—but inside me. I really hate crying. I feel so weakmatter how many fights, punches, or hair-pulling I go thrBut this guy... just his presence alone, and my tears are afall—like they're afraid of becoming eye crusts.He didn't say a word, but I knew he wanted to ask somethMe too... I really wanted to ask him something. Because exhausted from wondering if there's really something bet

 "It's late... I'll take you home," he said and was about to hquickly pulled away."Leave if you want, but I'm not going with you.""Jay... don't be so stubborn.""Answer my question first!" I shouted at him. "...Why arsuffer like this?! Haven't you done enough to me?! Here making me feel like we have something when we actuallHe took a deep breath, and I stood there like a fool, waitiresponse. But all he did was stare at me."Answer me, Keifer. Do you really feel something for mA tear fell from my eye.This is so frustrating. I feel like I'm begging him...I bit my lower lip as he looked down. Any moment now,like a kid."I heard you... You and Yuri," my voice trembled."...the conversation you had..." I took a deep breath. "...I that what Yuri said was true, that you were lying. That yofeelings for me. But I want to hear it from you."

 This pain you're causing me... I can't take it anymore.I can't stay here with him any longer. And I definitely dowith him. Even though my vision was blurry with tears, I phone. I saw it lying on the floor near where I had fallenWith shaky hands, I unlocked it and tried to find Percy's couldn't see properly, so I just pressed on a random contaIt rang several times before someone answered.["Oh?"] the person on the other end said.Instead of speaking, I just burst into tears again. No wordmouth.["Where are you? I'll come get you,"] he said calmly.In hell, with the King of Demons.I took a few deep breaths, trying to calm myself down."A-at the highway... The one near 'S-Superb Gotohan,'" I between sobs.["I'm on my way,"] he answered before ending the call.I hugged my knees like a child. I didn't know how to calmhurtsomuchmorethananyphysicalpainIhadeverfe

 I will find a way to erase these feelings for you! Even if Iwrestle Hulk, swallow ten pieces of kryptonite, scream "staring contest with Cyclops until the Statue of Liberty mlong as I can get rid of this stupid feeling for you, you baA loud honk snapped me out of my deep thoughts.I turned to the approaching car and—Aries?!Oh, shit!!I looked back at Keifer. He had no expression on his facecar door and stared at me.I immediately ran towards Aries' car and got in. I let Arie burn into me. I stole one last glance at the Demon King bdrove away."What happened?" he asked me calmly.I bit my lower lip. I knew I would cry again if I started tashook my head and looked out the window."I already told you to stay away from Keifer. You're so stscolded me.I wish I had just listened to them."H'tdthidH'llldithi

 "Jay! Where have you been?! I was so worried," she said before looking at my whole body. "...Why do you look li"I-I just got into a fight, A-auntie," I said, forcing a smile"What?! Oh my—" She turned to Aries. "...Did you repo police?"Aries shook his head. "She was with Keifer."Tita Gema called one of their maids and asked for sometThen, she turned back to me."Come on, let's go to your room... We need to clean your placing an arm around me.I lowered my head and let her guide me. It felt like all thdrained away. I was starting to feel like this again.I felt like I was slowly dying.

 Chapter 214: Heypi BirthdJay-jay's POVHappy Damn Day!Can you believe it's Valentine's Day today? I touched mycheck if I even had a heart—I might not know otherwiseI glanced at my phone when it rang. At first, I expected irushed a little, but turns out it was just that CrazyBastardFrom: CrazyBastard   Message:Happy HeartDay!Love me! I grimaced. This idiot has some nerve. Just a little more, changing my number. I took my time thinking about my To: CrazyBastard   Message:F* you!**I ended up laughing since it seemed like he wouldn't replon my shoes and tied the laces. Then, I stood up and face

 Section E students around, probably to clear out the "trasOur school is just so kind to us.My phone rang again. This time, it was from the person IFrom: Rakki   Message:Ready? Where do we meet?She has the gift I got for Ci-N. Honestly, I'm still debatinforgive him or not. I know clearly that Ci only did what twanted.But still, it hurts...I typed a reply to Rakki, telling her to meet me on the gro N's condo unit. We could just wait for each other there.I shoved my phone and wallet into my pockets before steroom. I paused in front of my brother Angelo's door, hesknock or not?Deep breath...In the end, I knocked and waited for his response."Come in," he said.

 That was cold... I felt chills.I lowered my head, fidgeting with my fingers. "C-can yoHe turned his chair back, facing away from me. "I have aAries to take you instead. Tell him it's my order."That felt like a stab—ten times over. His attitude toward cold. It feels like this is my fault."O-okay. Sorry for bothering you," I said and walked outMy shoulders slumped as I bit my lip. Were my words tohurtful? I didn't know it would affect him this much."Jay-Jay! Where are you going?" my mom asked."To a birthday party," I answered lifelessly."What time will you be home? Don't stay out too late.""Okay," I replied and walked out of the house.I knew she would scold me again. She did the last time wI got into a fight at the gotohan (porridge shop). Instead o just stayed silent.Just like the other day, I checked my surroundings first towaitingtoambushmeIstillwasn'tfullyhealedfrommy

 Did he hear us?"B-because...""Just get in. Kuya will get mad if I don't take you."I was confused by his behavior. Was he possessed by somcreature? Or maybe an angel? He's acting so weird. Mayhis meds.He opened his car door and was about to get in but stoppwasn't moving."What? Are you just gonna stand there looking dumb?" hI panicked a little before quickly getting into the car. He didn't even glance at me while driving.Oh no! Aries the Horoscope might be going crazy!"Where exactly are you going?"I blinked, processing his words. He was asking a normal anger, no annoyance. Just normal. Normal. Normal...Oh, he's sick! He must have a fever!I leaned closer and placed my hand on his forehead. He islappeditawayinshock

 Oh, he's yelling at me now. He's back to normal."Okay... You're not sick anymore," I mumbled, but it seemheard me."What's your problem?!""Nothing... Just take me to Ci-N's condo," I said, pointin building in sight.He let out a deep sigh. I didn't say anything else. He was again—no need to overthink it.He's normal to me when his craziness shows.We arrived at the front of the building I pointed to. I spotat the entrance, holding our gifts."Hey!" Aries called out irritably. "...Don't ever call me cr"W-why?"Was he...worried?"Your voice is so high-pitched! It hurts my ears! I felt likmy ears just fell out!" he grumbled.You bastard...

 I picked up my gift, which was resting on the ground. Shhers."Maybe he's sick?" She asked.I laughed. "He was. But he got better real fast."We continued laughing as we reached the elevator and w"Do you think Ci-N will like this?" She asked.I smiled at her. "Of course. As long as it's from you, evenhe'll accept it."She smiled, looking giddy. It was amusing to see. She evfor Ci-N. Rakki was taller than me, and her legs were wecould be a model with her body proportions.The elevator bell rang, and the doors opened. Inside, Davsimple white t-shirt."You're here," he said. "...We thought you weren't cominto pick you up."Rakki and I stepped in, letting David press the floor num"Why? The party can't start without Jay-jay?" Rakki askeannoyed.

 "W-where is Ci's party? Why does it feel like we've goneasked David."The rooftop," he answered quickly while fiddling with hHow snappy...We reached the top floor. Rakki was as restless as a childDavid and me.The only way to the rooftop was through the fire exit, so Rakki opened the door and stepped out first, but I suddenhugged my gift tightly and lowered my head."Is there something wrong, Jay?" David asked, immediatI looked at him, then at the fragile glass jar in my hands. to him."I-I can't face Ci... Can you give this to him instead?" I p"But why?"I just shook my head. I didn't know the reason either. It fwas pulling me back, telling me not to go. My original plmy mind—the last time I would see his genuine smile.David took the gift and looked at me with sadness.

 I was nearing the elevator when I heard someone shoutinignored it, but they kept yelling until the words became c"JAY-JAY!" a hoarse voice screamed.I turned around, and my eyes widened in shock.Ci-N was in the air.Literally. In the air. Because he just jumped toward me.What the— He looked like a bird with his arms and legs spread widecouldn't fly.Which meant he was going to fall... fall... on me?!It was too late to step aside. I crashed onto the floor withon top of me. My elbow hit the ground, sending an electrarm."Ugh! Damn, that hurts...""Jay-jay!" he cried out, hugging me tightly."Get off me! You're heavy!" Ci-N slowly got off me, stillwaited for me to stand up. I frowned and faced him.

 he kept pulling me along until we reached the fire exit. hchance to speak or protest.When the door to the rooftop opened... cue music. It felt another world, like I was in a fun house or amusement paThere was an inflatable slide, a pool full of colorful ballsvarious characters, tables piled with candy and chocolateeverywhere, and colorful lights all around.I saw David smiling at me, drinking juice. He must've knchased by this crazy kid."You're crazy, David!""Jay!" Rakki called out as she approached. "...Where diddisappeared!""I went to the bathroom." I lied.I looked around, and Ci-N was nowhere to be found. he wmingling with the kids.I saw some adults too, but they were in the corners, awaykids."Keep an eye on your kids! It's the party organizer's faulthappens," I thought.

 "Why did you cut your hair?"They all had questions for me. I chose to ignore them andempty seat far from them.I don't know why, but I couldn't shake the nervousness. Imyself many times to move on, but now that I was facinghesitating again."Hi, Jay!" Mica greeted me as I sat next to her.I thought it was someone else..."Hello..." I replied and looked at the person sitting besideCalix wasn't there? I scanned the area and saw him sittinother Ulupongs."They're fighting." Rakki whispered to me.I must've looked like I was searching for Mica's labidab.She just kept her head down, pretending to be busy with We looked like fools as we watched the kids happily playmascots. My eyes widened when I saw a familiar mascot"Snorlax!" I shouted without thinking.

 I kept hugging it as Mica took a picture. I didn't want to lwanted to take it home!"Can I take this home?!" I asked Rakki and Mica.They just shrugged. Ci-N walked by with a plate of food before stopping."Oh no! You're in trouble!" he said with a warning tone. inside that costume."I instinctively turned to look at the Ulupongs. My eyes wtheir King walking toward us, fists clenched and ready to"Hurry! We need to move it!" I shouted in a panic to RakThey quickly followed me as we pushed the mascot awayapproaching King. The kids stared at us as we did this."What's going on?!" I heard a kid shout when we nearly "Sorry," Mica apologized to the child.We ended up in an area with piles of chairs and tables, ancloth and balloons. We hid there until the King was out o"That's it! We're safe!" Rakki sighed with relief.ThepersoninsidetheSnorlaxcostumeremovedthehead

 He looked young, probably around our age, but already w"Sorry about that. If we didn't get you out of there, you mhurt." I said while wiping the sweat from my forehead."Pardon?" he said nervously."His ex has issues, doesn't understand their feelings." RaI frowned. "He's not my ex... we never even dated.""Sorry... but I'm confused. Can I go back to work now?" There was no way Keifer would do anything bad to him.and nodded. He put the Snorlax headpiece back on and lWe stayed there for a while, exhausted. I was starting to "Shall we eat?" I suggested to them.They exchanged glances before nodding and walking towIt was self-service, so we each got our own.I felt embarrassed to show how hungry I was, so I took ofive scoops of rice and some dishes. Two plates in total. take more.While eating, Calix suddenly sat next to Mica and put a pcakeonthetable

 Calix's shoulders slumped as he walked away. Both Rakkhim."What's going on? LQ?" I asked.She shook her head and looked away. I glanced at Rakkishrugged."Jay-jay!" Ci-N called out as he carried my gift, a fragile"...What's this?"I smiled at him and opened the jar. "One surprise egg perI handed him a surprise egg, knowing it was his favorite looked forward to what was inside.It was like a message every day for a whole year. That's hcontents would last.I hoped he would like it...he suddenly started crying. Rakki and Mica panicked."Why? Don't you like it?" I asked.he smiled through his tears. "I like it! I really like it!"Rakki and Mica kept exchanging looks. His actions wereitbutwascrying

  Now I understood how powerful the word "sorry" could couldn't change the past or bring back time, it could still  been holding inside.I walked up to him, gently placed my hand on his head. "mad anymore. Happy birthday!"he smiled at me again and hugged me tightly. he quicklythe gift I gave him."I'll keep this safe!" He said happily.We were left just watching him. Mica went to the bathroowent to talk to Ci-N's sister. I stayed there, looking arounSnorlax again.I rushed over and greeted it with another hug. "Surprise!Snorlax tilted its head slightly, and I could almost feel thlooking at me. I smiled at them as they returned the hug.Maybe they recognized me."Sorry about earlier. The King of the Ulupongs has issuehugging Snorlax. "...He doesn't know what he wants in liSnorlax kept hugging me, and I felt a small hand on my bignore it.

 I added, smiling.Suddenly, Snorlax pulled away from me, and I heard Cleinside."I won't let you!"I pulled away and looked at Snorlax in confusion. He remhead, and I was stunned to see who was inside."You're not Clefford!""I won't let you move on. I won't let you fall out of love. 

 Trivia (This is originally frbook)Well... It didn't reach 10 chapters.I'll just give a trivia about AMNSE and the Ulupongs.Trivia #1AMNSE started while I was lying on a hammock, readinThe Four Badboys and Me... Yes! You read that correctly. I usually read English stoand I only checked out popular Filipino stories late.Anyway, how did it happen? While reading, there was a where Candice was transferred to Jeydon's section. From(I didn't finish it), there were no girls in their section. Thher joining the pageant.That's when the idea came to me... What if there was a seone girl? But somehow, they fully supported her in every#TropaGoals. But I didn't want a damsel in distress, I didwho'salwaysbeingbulliedIwantedhertobeabitofat

 The original plan was just Keifer, Jay-jay, and Aries—anUlupongs. Yes! Indeed! It was a love triangle between thadopted, after all. So, Yuri and Percy weren't part of the pWell, my grandmother got really inspired. She kept typincellphone. I didn't even realize that Yuri was already formsupposed to do something bad to Jay-jay, but that changeAs for Percy? I liked the guy who's always following thewas supposed to like Jay-jay too. But damn! The main ch beautiful! I was too shy to compare with her.That's how APYK! Or KYPA or KYAP came to be. Just As for the Ulupongs...Blaster's name came from a contestant on   Music Heroon Eat Bulaga. I was impressed by him, so I used his namJosh's name also came from there. Those were my last chwas too lazy to think of new names. But his character wamain character inThe Transfer Studentfrom Public Highbblidld

 As for Edrix, it just popped into my head, and then I latersounds similar to Calix's name. So, I added "Knight." RhRory, I heard that name on TV, I think it was from a movsounded unique.Kit? Obviously, it's from my crush, Kit Harington—the aJon Snow inGame ofThrones. I didn't intend to make him gay... I just gave him that namaynimo moment. Hahahaha.Mayo? I have another story about a girl with multiple pea friend named Mayo, and it's a girl. I just took the namewas never published.Jeson is pronounced as He-son.Drew or Andrew is the name of my older brother. Yes, I hHis real name is James Andrew, but I took the nickname Arellano. They share the same name. My brother's full nJames.As for Eren... From    Attack on Titan

 You know about Ci-N and David. Don't go looking for thBrewer. He's married with kids.Hahahahahaha... Maybe next time. Visit our group and p

 Chapter 215: Saving youJay-jay's POVSometimes, when life gets too chaotic, it feels so temptinhead against the wall. Hard enough to just fall asleep andagain.Go ahead, bash your head! I support you!But sometimes, it feels better to bash the head of the persall the chaos in your life. And that's what I wanted to do front of me."You can't do that! You can't move on and forget everythdone!" he angrily said while poking me with Snorlax's haHe was still wearing the mascot, only the head was remoI was speechless. It was like my tongue retreated and mymove.I don't understand this person! This Dimunyung GagongKumag, the King of Ulupongs!IwasconfusedbywhathewasdoingAndwhyisheins

 I looked behind me and saw him chasing after me, but becostume, he couldn't even walk properly.Good for you! Suffer, you idiot!I quickened my pace and squeezed through the kids play jumping into a pool full of colorful plastic balls.I looked ridiculous swimming in it like there was no watcould get away from that Dimunyung.Just keep swimming!When I got out, I saw him being swarmed by the kids. Hcursing just to get away from them.I continued to distance myself from him. I walked over tslide and climbed up. It was difficult to move since the sWhen I reached the top, I realized that the troublemaker at the bottom."We need to talk!" he shouted at me.I shook my head, about to go down, but then I saw a kid was scowling and looked like he was about to push me.I had no choice but to slide down. I knew he was waitingstretched my legs and forcefully kicked him with all my hihlfllfblldld'

 I furrowed my brows as I looked at him. "What do you nWhy does his face look so dull?"Can we talk? Please..." he said, full of pleading.I was ready to snap at him with "You're already talking,"I looked into his eyes. I could see that he was sincere in hI guess this is the routine with these best friends of mine.me, the other follows. I really can't get their life trip.Road trip? Bad trip? Field trip?I nodded slowly and he took his hand off my arm. He gufire exit. We entered and moved a bit farther to talk prop"What do you need?" I asked, and my voice echoed throuexit.He seemed to notice it. He opened the nearest door and lspacious ballroom greeted us. The lights were at the corndim."Jay... Please. Let me explain," he begged again.I didn't want to listen, but I was already here. I didn't wanwalk if I ignored him.

 Honestly, I didn't plan on talking to Jay-jay today. I knewwith her and Keifer at the food court a few days ago. It wmind, and talking to her about this would feel like a slap But earlier...When I saw how restless Keifer was, looking for the Snoknew how it felt. He was being consumed by jealousy agAnd so was I."Letting go, but here you are searching for your next victthrowing him a comment.He shot me his usual death glare. I just shrugged and kepCi-N's party was for kids, not teenagers like us.What else should I expect from Ci-N Peralta?"Found you! Son of a b!tch!" Keifer angrily yelled as he wearer.I could only shake my head. Why does it feel like Keifer N's traits? It should be the other way around. But it doesnwhat's happening.I let out a heavy sigh and looked around again. I saw Jayand Mica. She still looks pretty, even though she cut her hilii

 That's why I was so confused by his actions. And things heard what he said.'I won't let you move on. I won't let you fall out of love. IThis can't be! He had just told me he was letting go. ThatJay-jay, but now this? Why doesn't he want Jay-jay to fohim?I don't understand Keifer; he's not lying this time. He's selike he doesn't want to let Jay-jay go. I have to do somethKeifer should be the first one I talk to, but I changed my find Jay-jay instead. I wasn't disappointed, and here she ime."Jay... I'm really sorry for all the pain I caused. HonestlyYou knew that from the start." I paused to let her speak.She told me back then that both she and Keifer were "poour first meeting wasn't ideal, but she brought me back toTo being my natural self.She didn't say anything, so I continued talking. "Keifer c plan, and I was by his side. I was also one of the ones whwas angry at Aries, but I admit, I already had doubts bacdeep breath.

 had fallen for his plan, and I was scared I wouldn't be ablfrom him."That was the night she admitted she liked Keifer. I was wheartbroken. I didn't know what to do. I wanted to save hher.I fucking love her."But I didn't give up. I still tried, but of course, I failed. Isave you and have you. I didn't want to be hurt again, andto happen to you either.""So that's why you forced that damn engagement?" she sI lowered my head. "Y-yes."She shook her head. "So that's why you wanted to save msarcastically.I tried to move closer, but she stepped back. I just lowerestopped my attempt. I composed myself to continue talki"I'm not putting all the blame on Keifer. Because I was th planned it. I'm also at fault. I'm sorry, Jay, I'm sorry for nI'm sorry for making decisions that crossed your boundarhead and did something I didn't think I was capable of dokldd

 "We never agreed that I would forgive you," she said col"...Our agreement was just for your explanation. Nothingmore. So get up, your kneeling is a waste."Her words pierced through me. It hurt so much, and it fel being squeezed. I didn't know she could be so tough aftehappened. Or maybe she was intentionally making us suSlowly, I stood up, but I kept my head lowered. I didn't ushe able to endure this with me, but she can endure Keifeeverything he did to her?"Do you really love Keifer?" I said, almost to myself.She gave me a sharp look. It almost seemed like she wasout to really show how angry she was."Because it's so easy for you to forgive him, even thougheffort to apologize." I said, which made her stop.I tried to lower my voice. I couldn't help but feel upset wunfair to me."I haven't forgiven Keifer yet." Not yet? But she will soon.Ild'thlbtflfttdIlhdbittlThi

 "It's not that easy!" she said angrily as she wiped the tear"...If you can't even move on from me, how can I move oyou think I still want to feel this way?!"She glared at me. "...I hate this! That asshole is messing wdoesn't like me, but then he shows signs that he does! Anhave feelings for him, I get my hopes up!"I felt embarrassed by what I said. She's right. Because offorgot that she's hurting too.Maybe."I'm sorry, I didn't mean to----."She cut me off. "Damn! Always apologizing! Are you a bYou and your best friend are the same! You're both idiotsShe wiped her cheek again. "...Now I don't know what toI stepped closer to her, and this time, I didn't hesitate. I totried to pull away, but I tightened my grip."I know what you can do. Forget how I feel about Keifersaid, bringing her hand close to my face.She paused for a moment, thinking. Please say yes. I sweto help you.

 "Still Keifer?" I slowly released her hand."...Are you still hoping?"She didn't answer. My chest tightened with the silence sh"But he's already let you go," I said, and she looked at m"...He's letting you go.""W-what are you talking about?"I don't know if I should tell her this."About a week ago, Keifer asked me to keep you safe. I adidn't answer," I said, looking her in the eyes. "...He saidgo."I saw her hand tremble. Another tear fell from her eyes. Iregretted what I said. I tried to apologize, but she suddenI couldn't move. I just stood there, watching her slowly wI shouldn't have said that. I'm so sorry.++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++Jay-jay's POVIdon'tknowwhatcurseIshouldsaytolessentheweight

 He's playing with me! It'd be fine if I looked like Barbie,no. I look more like a Bratz doll.Keifer has already let me go, and earlier, he said he woulon. And why? Who does he think he is? Am I really the ffor something, and he's just going to play with me wheneI'm almost at the door when it opens, and the asshole I'vewalks out. He stops when he sees me but quickly walks t"We need to talk," he says authoritatively as he grabs myYou better get ready, you asshole!I let him pull me along. We exit the fire exit door, and wefloor before the rooftop. He keeps pulling me until he stostanding in front of a door.He quickly presses the keypad near the door. It opens, aninside. He lets go of my hand before turning on the lightsunit.But whose is this?!It's clean, and all the furniture looks new. It's complete, aalmost the same as Aunt Gema's house.I glance around before the reason I came here hits me.

 His head turned, and it took a while before he faced me. touch his face to tend to the pain. Shock and anger were "Does it hurt? The other side, to make it even," I said, irrHe took a deep breath, clearly trying to calm himself dow"I deserve this," he said in a lifeless tone.I pretended to laugh. "Well, at least you know, because DREALLY MAD AT YOU! I want to break your bones!"He avoided my gaze before biting his lip. He walked tow but I quickly slapped his hands away."Don't touch me!""Let me explain," he said calmly."Explain what? Go ahead, tell me another lie," I challengHis fists clenched, and he looked like he was about to lossaw his Adam's apple move up and down several times."Jay..." His voice carried a hint of pleading. "...I understa but please listen to me"Just explain... I want to understan playing with me. Why you keep hurting me over and oveagain, messing with me," I said, giving him a fake smile.Mbtht'lllthidbthI'llft

 "Who are you to stop me? Why? Aren't you the reason I And now you won't let me?! YOU'RE SO FULL OF YOshouted, tears falling from my eyes. "...I don't want this awant to love you anymore.""It's not possible," he whispered."I don't want to!" I yelled."It's not possible," he whispered again."Stop it! I can't love you anymore!""It's not possible.""Enough! Stop hurting me!""It's not possible!""Why won't you let me go? Why? WHY?!""BECAUSE I CAN'T HANDLE LOSING YOU!" he screchoing through the entire floor.I froze. We were both panting from all the shouting. My looked at him.I only then noticed that he had tears in his left eye.

 Chapter 216: BrokenJay-jay's POV"Liar! I won't believe you anymore. You can't fool me. T"Oh!" Percy said, handing me the ice cream he bought. I eating, even though I was in a daze and seemed to be outCurrently, we were at the park with my crazy stepbrotherto pick me up because no one was home except for the mout without me. They left me!"Tell me again. I couldn't understand you earlier; you kepice cream," Percy said while eating his ice cream.I sighed and started recounting the conversation I had wiwords kept me awake all night. I didn't even know how Iand made it home alone.By the time I finished talking, Percy had finished his ice "Do you believe what he said?" he asked.I shook my head. "I-I don't know."

 If I think about it, he's right. If I didn't believe, my answe'no.' So I guess, part of me is still hoping. Hoping that whtrue.I was about to take another bite of my ice cream, but I storealized I wasn't holding it anymore. I looked down at mthinking it had fallen.I looked at Percy, and the shameless guy was eating the ithough his was already finished!"That's mine! You're an animal!" I said in frustration."It's going to melt! You haven't finished it yet. Let me finteasing me.I was so annoyed! I felt like slapping him repeatedly."Didn't you think I already licked it?" I said sarcasticallyeating."Oh right!" he said, shocked, covering his mouth. "...ShiI almost took off my shoe to hit him with it. Good thing ilaces. He just laughed at my reaction before eating the icI sighed and looked around. What bad luck—I saw a swenear us.

 I gave him a hard smack on the back of his head. After ficream I bought, here he was, annoying me. People starte"Ow!" he complained, rubbing the back of his head."You really know how to ruin my day.""You're so bitter... Don't drag other people into it. If you forever, just don't yell at them or make them feel it. Let ttheir own..." He rubbed his neck again. "...And they're nodon't drag them into your bitterness."I raised an eyebrow at him. "What are you fighting for?"It was obvious that he was getting annoyed by what I saihair multiple times and looked in another direction. I undmeant, but the way he was explaining it felt like he was rme."You're too bitter about Keifer," he whispered, clearly thAm I bitter now?I glared at him. "I'm not bitter! I'm just pissed at him! Himessed up! He pushes me away, and when I start to dista pulls me back! What does he think I am? A dog with a leneck?!"ihddfd"kifid

 He took a deep breath. "What I'm saying is, he might actufor you. Because if he didn't, he would've already stoppeWhat Percy was saying sounded so good. It felt great to bit was also scary. Scary because of the word 'might'."...but he hasn't let go because he can't. He's crazy about something happened, and he had to push you away."He added. I sighed. "I don't know what happened, but it whe just stayed away."He should just stop."Are you really sure you don't want him anymore?" he aI shook my head a little. I didn't want to hope anymore. Imy mind. I preferred it when he said it was really over, r'maybe' situation."Then tell him." I rolled my eyes. "I already told him, did"Then show it." I furrowed my brow. "What are you talkconfusing to talk to!""Show him that you've moved on. Date someone else. Shhappy without him."ItlthtIlidtlkithitll

 "Percy... I don't have much money with me," I whisperedthe menu."Who's Percy?" he asked, slightly irritated. I just shook mresponse. He didn't know I saved his name as that in my "...I'll pay for this. Don't worry," he told me as he faced tour order.The waiter left, holding the menu. While we waited, I loorestaurant. The place was beautiful, with gorgeous decorwas a chandelier.I'm gonna sing later... I wanna swing... Chandelier, chandI accidentally looked toward the entrance of the restaurantake when I saw two people walking in. That's when I reathe presence of the "King of Snakes" really is.He was with that Honey Bee Raider again! They were drformally, unlike the casual clothes Percy and I were wearlike we just passed by and decided to eat at an expensiveWe looked like rags. I kept staring at them while they wewaiter. They were probably asking for a table. They shouaway from us. Or they can sit outside while we stay insidI turned to Percy, who was busy on his phone.

 "Percy..." I felt his gaze shift to me. "...Jay."Shit!It was like I was electrocuted when he said my name. Ugto be like this? Slowly, I turned to face them with a plastof smile that suits them."Oh, you guys are here? I didn't notice," I said."Didn't notice, or didn't you just ignore us?" Honey replieyebrow at me.Looks like she's starting again."Both..." I answered with a smile.She raised an eyebrow, but instead of retorting, she just cthat Pest King and started rubbing it."Maki..." she said dramatically. "...introduce me to your eyes."Keifer looked at her before facing Percy."Percy, this is Honey Bee Raider. She's my lawyer's niechand of the buzzing woman who was holding onto him. "Percy Coll----Mariano."

 The King of Snakes wouldn't take his eyes off me. I didnthem here."Okay, introductions are over... You guys can leave now,smile, even though I really wanted to shove them into ou"Rude," Honey said in an exaggerated tone. Your face is "Jay..." Percy called me. "...don't be like that."One of my eyebrows raised. I expected him to take my silike I was really in the wrong."Since we're going to eat here anyway, mind if we share asked Percy.She only asked Percy for permission.Percy and I exchanged glances. I gave him a sharp look tI wasn't okay with it."That's a great idea," said the King, and he called a waiteI signaled Percy to stop him, but it was too late because tup another table next to ours. I was forced to move besidwas facing this so-called King.The two of them placed their orders. Meanwhile, my brohilHllbiiWh

 I've never really had alcohol before. My Tita and Kuya AI've never tried it. I pushed the glass away and cleared mI looked up and immediately furrowed my brows. The shfront of me was staring intently at me, while the girl besismiling at Percy."So, how did you two become step-siblings?" Honey ask"None of your business," I quickly answered before PercShe gave me a sharp look. It was like she was about to lutable and pull my hair."I'm not talking to you, I'm talking to him," she said snobAs if you're the only one who can act like that?!"I'm not talking to you either, I'm talking to..." I thought to but ended up pointing at Percy anyway. "...him."They all raised an eyebrow. I turned to Percy and gave hseemed like he got what I meant."Y-yeah... She's talking to me," Percy said, scratching hisI wanted to laugh out loud, the kind of laugh that would membarrassed. But it would be too awkward. People migh

 "Slice it... Thanks!" I said.Percy had no choice but to do as I asked. Even without loKing was annoyed by what I did. I didn't do it to annoy hwant his actions to mean anything to me.Percy handed my plate back, and I started eating. But as spitting it out. This animal wouldn't stop staring at me.I was getting close to losing my temper."Percy..." Honey called out to him. "...do you have a girlShe was so straightforward. It was obvious she had feelinwanted to butt into their conversation, but it would be toomight just cause trouble."N-no..." Percy answered hesitantly.Percy placed a hand on his thigh, squeezing it as if he waHoney's question.He slowly stood up. "I'm going to the restroom."I didn't say anything. I just watched him leave until he wwas about to stand up and go to the restroom too, but thespoke."H"HlkdtH"khib"

 "We need to talk," he said authoritatively.I looked at him sharply. "You're already talking."He took a deep breath. Clearly holding back his anger. Ntold Honey to keep Percy busy."Listen to me..." he started. "...I don't know where to star"At the starting line," I quickly cut him off.His forehead wrinkled, and his eyebrows furrowed. He ecollar."Okay..." he sighed. "...I'll start at the beginning."I smiled. "Just go straight to the end to make it fun."Finish line...He was slowly killing me with his stare. The truth is, I rehear his explanation. I was scared. Scared that I might ge"Jay... I'm trying to be nice here," he said with emphasis.He took the wine glass in front of him, took a sip, and loo"Please, Jay. I want to explain everything to you. So, plelistentome"headded

 It felt like something was stuck in my throat. I forced myHe looked hurt by what I said, his mouth slightly open."Enough... Please. I'm getting tired," I pleaded, and my v blur. "...I'm tired of loving you even though I'm not doingstarted falling. "...I'm trying to stay away from you, but y back.""Why? Why are you running away from me?" he asked sAnd you still had to ask..."Because that's what should happen. There's no reason foright?" I forced a smile. "...I love you, but you don't love been a fool once, I don't want to do it again."He kept staring at me. He didn't say anything, so I contin"If I had a choice, I'd want to leave your Section. Becaustorturing me. When you're around, it feels like my heart itried to hold back my tears. "...Going to class is torture beverything we did. All the happy memories we had----onwere all lies."I took a few deep breaths. "It hurts..." I pointed to my che bit my lip to stop myself from crying loudly.I don't have real friends. When someone tries to befriend

 He smiled, the kind of smile that made it seem like nothi"You..." he started. "...You're making me crazy."I wiped my tears and looked at him, confused."I'm Mark Keifer Watson. I'm smarter than you think. I'mknow..." He smirked. "...And I'm the King of Ulupongs."He moved quickly. From sitting across me, he was now bup at him as he leaned down, holding the back of my neclips together.I looked like an idiot, pushing him away but my lips werThe truth?!He pressed his forehead against mine as we both closed ostill holding the back of my neck. We were both catchingthat kiss.I won't deny it. I missed his lips too. That just added to thfeeling."It's only you, Jay... You're the only girl who's made me swhispered.He pulled away and sat back on the bench beside me. Hedid'tlt

 I looked at him when I felt something wet on the back ofagainst his cheek. He was crying."Yuri is right. I lied to him, I lied to you, and I lied to myfelt tied, and no words came out of my mouth. "...I have that you can never imagine."Shit! Shit! Shit! Shit! Shit! Shit! ---my heartbeat said.Is this real? Maybe it's just the steak messing with my hea hallucination. Like gas that I just need to fart out. Hungto eat away. Sleepiness that I just need to sleep off."K-Keifer..." was all that came out of my mouth.He placed a hand on my cheek. "I'm scared to touch youreally want to. I don't want to hurt you like I hurt Freya. Bconsumes me, I can't control myself."I remembered what he did when I kissed Yuri. He pulledthe room and grabbed my jaw. It hurt, and I admit I was "...I won't let that happen again."He smiled and closed his eyes again. "...My birthday is cyou're the gift I want."Birthday? His birthday is on February 29.

 I was getting confused again. I know English, but this guconfusing."What do you..." I sighed. "...You'll stop but only for a wWhat are you thinking?""I'm giving you space."I need a spaceship to get away from you!I just shook my head. I couldn't believe it. He's really cra"...But when I return. You're officially mine whether youWhut the fvck?!I was about to lash out at him, but suddenly someone slu beside me. When I looked, my eyes widened at the sightwas messy, his clothes were disheveled, and his pants zipHe was panting heavily, as if he was running from somet"Let's go!" he said, pulling me. "...Hurry!"I stood up and looked at him closely. He took out some mwallet and placed it on the table before pulling me again.to the parking lot where his car was."What's going on with you?!" I asked as I got into his car

 He suddenly started crying. There were no tears, but his scrunched up. I wanted to laugh, but he might get mad."Jay..." he said, pretending to sob. "...I was molested... Bstarted wailing like a child.

 Chapter 217: Engage no mJay-jay's POVPercy is sick. He's running a fever, his mother told me wearlier.I think he got sick because he didn't sleep last night. He kseemed really restless. There were times when he'd whisprepeating, "my honor."I don't even know if he really has any.I called his phone to check on him. It rang three times be["Jay..."] He said, his voice hoarse."Seriously? What happened between you and Honey?" I hear him sobbing.Every time I ask him that, he always ends up crying and things until the call ends.["My honor, Jay!"] I could hear his sobbing. ["She ruinedIt'shardtotellifhe'sseriousornot.

 Maybe he really is possessed!"What exactly did she do to you?"He sighed deeply. ["Well... She did her best. I... I finishedhome."]I frowned. I really didn't understand what he was saying.I probably would have slapped him already."You're so confusing! I don't understand a thing you're safrustration.["Eeww... She... She did it to me!"] He said, and I could his side.It seemed like he was rolling around in bed. I cringed at h"Eeww... You did what?!"["No! But she... made me happy... I mean, she assaulted I didn't want to ask any more questions. I let my imaginawhat he was saying. It's probably better if I don't push hi"Okay... Rest up. You might get even sicker."I didn't wait for his next words. I ended the call right awadrivingmecrazyHismindiscompletelyoutofit

 It's better if I just let him rest. I was about to put my phontable when a text message came in.I cringed when I saw who it was from.From: GagongBaliwMessage: My life... I miss you.I hadn't replied to him in a while, but he was still so persconsistent with his "GagongBaliw" ways, and somethingfamiliar.Instead of replying, I just placed my phone down on the t bed and, after staring at the ceiling for a long time, I evenI woke up to the sound of my phone ringing. It seemed licalling.I got up and grabbed it from the table, but as soon as I touended.It was Yuri who called.I shrugged and looked at the clock. It was already 6 PM. long time. I felt hungry. I put the phone back down on thtoward the door of my room.JtIdthdYi'hddItlkd

 He sighed. "Remember? Dinner with the Head Master."Who is the Head Master?I slowly shook my head. I couldn't remember. What was Why is there such a thing?"I'm doomed," he whispered, his head lowered.I could tell that he was dealing with something heavy. I whim to leave, but the word "dinner" rang in my ears.Food... Free..."Please... I can't go back home without you," he begged.My eyes narrowed at him.There! Now I'm also speaking Japanese."So? What are we going to do?""I'll introduce you to the Head Master, then dinner."Dinner... Dinner... Dinner... Food!"What if I don't want to go?"Hisshouldersslumpedashetriedtoforceasmile."Iund

 I went straight to my cabinet and picked out clothes. I loothat would match Yuri's outfit. I wanted to look like I belwe're going to.Semi-formal dress...I looked a mess as I combed my tangled hair. It had gottefrom the clips I wore earlier. Now it looked like a witch'sI think I even accidentally put some deodorant in my haiOnce I finished with all the mess, I stepped out. Yuri washead down, leaning against the wall."Let's go! The sushi is waiting for me." I said as I walkedHe followed me, slapping the back of my head. Aunt Gethe living room. She was smiling while talking on the ph"Are you leaving?" she asked us."Yes..." Yuri answered. "...I'll drop her off around 10 PM"Alright, be careful.""Thanks, Aunt." I said before walking out. Neither of us spoke while the car started. He was focusedIjuststaredoutthewindow

 I frowned slightly while looking at him. I waited for himswallowed a few times before raising his head to face me"Whatever happens, don't tell them our exact status." Hewith pleading eyes. "...If the Head Master finds out the trsomething to you. So please... don't talk about our situatiEven though I didn't fully understand what he meant, I juFor the sushi!He started the car again, and we headed to the basement  building. I was about to open the door, but he stopped m"Don't get out yet." He said before quickly getting out ofopening the door for me.I wanted to slap him hard because I didn't understand whHe was acting like a gentleman.He was also holding my hand as we walked toward the eI was getting really weirded out by what he was doing. Wand the only reason I went with him was for the free foodFood is life!Inside the elevator, he was still holding my hand. I gave 

 This is getting too much! I'm going to slap him!We stopped in front of a wooden and paper door—one odoors like in old Japanese houses. I could hear loud laughinside. Yuri sat down and was about to bow, but suddenly"You have to do this too." He whispered."I don't want to." I replied flatly.He grabbed my hand and tried to pull me down to sit. I reaway."Jay... What's wrong?!" He said in frustration."It hurts my legs. I don't want to!" I said while pulling m"Stop being difficult!"So annoying! I only came here for the sushi.He pulled me again, and out of frustration, I kicked him ithe same time, the door suddenly opened.Shit!I froze as I looked at the people inside. Their laughter stolooked at me and Yuri.

 I didn't understand anything. Can I eat now? I've been hu"Anata no fianse?" (Is that your fiancée?) asked the man sitting at the end of the long table.I didn't recognize him. I knew he wasn't Yuri's grandfathscarier than Yuri's grandfather, whom Yuri calls Tanda."Hai, heddomasutā." (Yes, Head Master.) replied the perme.What are they talking about?Suddenly, the old man talking to Yuri burst out laughing holding his stomach as if whatever they were talking abofunny.Are they laughing at me?!"Tsuyoi on'na! Kare wa anata o utsu koto ga dekimasu." She can beat you down!)I was getting really annoyed with this old man. I didn't uwas saying. He was just being a jerk."Come here, eat with us." Yuri's dad called out to me.I looked at Yuri as he slowly stood up. I did the same, anhldWbthlkdihdldYi

 I tried to smile, but I knew it came out as a grimace. ThisDamn this sushi.Suddenly, the old man in the middle spoke again. I didn'the said, so I just stared at him blankly."He's asking for your full name." Yuri whispered to me."J-Jasper Jean Mariano," I answered awkwardly.Yuri spoke, and it seemed like he was explaining what I smiled and nodded.I started eating when Yuri handed me a bowl of rice. I atethe annoying chopsticks.Where's the sushi?The old man in the middle kept talking while we ate. Evethey would laugh, and I felt out of place. I had no idea wtalking about.Soon, the old man looked at me again and said somethinto whisper what he said, but he just stared at me, his face"Hey... What did he say?" I asked him."A-ano... K-kung pwede daw na... Magka-b-baby na tayokl"(Hidthtldhbbftth

 "Kanojo wa itta, kanojo wa sore ni tsuite kangaerudarou.think about it.)The old man burst out laughing again. He kept talking unThere was no sushi! Yuri is a liar!I walked angrily behind Yuri. He was talking to the old mme and smiled."He wants to talk to you. Please... fix your answer for himI furrowed my brows. "How am I supposed to do that? I understand what he's saying."Yuri scratched the back of his head and faced the old masomething to him before the old man walked away from my hand, and we started walking."He just wants to ask you some questions. I won't be therwill help you talk to him." Yuri said.We stopped again in front of the same door as earlier. Wehere are the same anyway. The door opened, and the old was sitting behind a big table.Who is this guy, really?HildfdYiddllftItdd

 "The Head Master is asking if you know him." Alliah saiI blinked. Head Master? Is that him? I was expecting thesamurai, not this intimidating old man."M-maybe not." I answered uncertainly.Alliah spoke in Japanese, and the old man chuckled lightsomething long to me, which sounded like an anime scenJapan."I want you to know that I am the Head Master of the Haam responsible for maintaining balance in the family. I eall members in all things..." The old man continued, and "...Yuri, your fiancé, is my grandson from my youngest sI froze. Alliah said it in Tagalog, but it still felt like a diffThis is such a mess!My head started to hurt. Isn't there any sushi here?"Okay... I-I understand now."Alliah translated what I said, and the old man spoke agaitranslated it immediately to me."To be honest, I don't like you. You're far from the womaYou're not Japanese, you have no influence, you're a bashibbl"

 heir. He used those to get what he wanted."I wasn't sure if I had the right to respond. All this old mame. I really wanted to curse, but I was still too shy. I'm inhe's the one saying I have no manners. I didn't want to prThe old man spoke again, and Alliah translated."I want you to improve. Fix yourself, because when we tno one in the family will accept you."F***! Not only is there no sushi, but there's also an insul"That's fine... I don't even accept myself as part of your fcontinuing without hesitation.Alliah seemed taken aback and hesitated to translate whasignaled for her to continue.I didn't want to be rude, but what could I do? My pride won by this old man. I just wanted to slap him back to backAlliah translated what I said to the old man. Suddenly, hiand he shouted words I couldn't understand.Alliah was shaking as she looked at me."You have no respect... You didn't even show me any. W?Aftt?Ydid't

 I didn't wait for him to respond. I quickly left and walkedelevator. I saw Yuri, but I kept walking.While waiting for the elevator door to open, I struggled tI was so annoyed! I couldn't even put them on properly.I'm going to throw these!"Jay-jay!" Yuri called out to me. "...What happened? Whthe Head Master?"I just gave him a glare. Just as the elevator door opened, followed me inside. I pressed the button in frustration."Jay-jay, what happened?! What did you say to him?!"I took a deep breath. I had been wanting to slap someonehe didn't stop, it was going to be him."Stop this already." I said calmly."Jay...""Stop this wedding already."He stopped and just looked at me. I don't know if he wasThe elevator door opened, and I quickly stepped out, butgrabbedmyarm

 "Why?! Damn! Is that a question?!" I shouted angrily. ".You're the only one who wants this! Your family doesn't want it, and Tita Gema is being forced into it!"He lowered his head, and his fist clenched. He knew thatsay it."Is that really what you want?" He asked calmly.I took a deep breath. I needed to calm down. I didn't wan punch with another one."Yes.""Okay." He quickly replied. "...I'll stop it."I wanted to shout with joy. The frustration I felt earlier juEven without sushi."...But on one condition..."I froze. The happiness I was feeling was suddenly interru"...Let's start all over again."

 Chapter 218: TextmateJay-jay's POVIt's official! The wedding is off. I feel like jumping for joall night, except Kuya is causing a scene outside my room"Angelo! That's enough!" Aunt Gema pleaded. "...You'rerest!""No! I just want to talk to them!" Kuya Angelo insisted.I feel sorry for him, though I don't fully understand. ThisI've seen him so drunk. In exchange for the agreement beme, their company withdrew its support for Kuya."Tomorrow! It's late already!" Aunt Gema shouted."Now! We need to talk about it now!"I slightly opened my bedroom door and peeked out. Aunstruggling to get Kuya into his room, with two maids helI glanced at Aries' door, which was also slightly ajar, andout just like me. We looked like nosy neighbors watching

 Kuya's body seemed to give in, and he stopped resisting into his room to rest. They stayed inside for a while befocame out.Aunt Gema followed. Before she could close the door, I approach her, but Aries beat me to it.This Horoscope guy is so attention-seeking!"Ma... What happens to us now?" Aries asked.Aunt Gema smiled at him and touched his cheek."Go to sleep. Don't worry about it."Aries hugged Aunt Gema and kissed her on the cheek."You too, Ma."I wonder what would have happened if Mama hadn't adohe have been the same with our Mama? Would he have baffectionate? Or would he have been even more abnormaLet's go with worse.Aunt Gema broke the hug and smiled as she turned to gostarted walking back but stopped when he saw me."Aaries"Icalledouttohim"IsAuntGemaokay?"

 Damn it! He even spat while yelling!"Let me go! I'll punch you!" I threatened.He let go but shoved me back, causing me to hit the door"I really hope you had nothing to do with this. Kuya willyou," he said, then walked straight to his room.He slammed the door shut. I just stood there, stunned. Ththe freedom I wanted. I knew this could happen, but I didthis bad.I went into my room and lay down on the bed. Ugh! I doface Kuya Angelo. I feel ashamed. We haven't even had conversation since I last yelled at him, and now this happMy phone suddenly grabbed my attention. It rang, but whthe call ended. I checked and saw a missed call from CraWhat's his problem? Suddenly calling.I wasn't planning to respond, but something made me waguy.To: CrazyIdiot   Message:Idiot!

 **Message:** Whoare you really?You're so intense witthis world!Ifyou're justmessingaround, can you leave already have so many problems,Idon'tevenknow which   Don'tadd to it.I was staring at my phone while sending that. I didn't takwhile waiting for their reply. I've already played games aFacebook, but they still haven't replied.Maybe they've given up...I let out a deep sigh. It felt like the weight on my chest grthey didn't reply.I ended up throwing my phone at Snorlax out of frustratito turn around and sleep, but suddenly it rang. Someone I picked it up and was surprised to see that it was Gagongdidn't want to answer, but my hand seemed to move on itthe green button.I put it to my ear and waited for them to speak, but I didn"H-hello?" I said, but there was still no response."Hello? Is anyone there?" Still no one spoke. "...Is there An alien? A spirit? A demon?..." Still no answer."jkh?di?"

 I was annoyed by their behavior. They were making me lsat up properly on the bed."Hey! Can you stop it? Quit being all mysterious! It's notannoying! You're just adding to my stress—I already hav problems!" I said angrily, and suddenly the call ended.This Gagong isn't just rude!A text message arrived from them again. Even though I wopened it.**From: GagongBaliw****Message:** Ican'ttalk butIcan listen. Tellme your pmightlighten the burden you're feeling by sharing itwithI paused. They had a point, honestly. I was still thinking when they called again. I answered and put the phone to They still didn't speak. This time, I was the one who sighthem, I don't know who they are. But right now, they're twho's willing to listen to me."Gagong baliw..." I started. "...I don't really know you. Tyou that name."It felt like they smirked on the other end. I didn't see it, bfhflhhd

 "I don't know if you already know my whole story... I'm family. My mom keeps marrying different people, and I dad. It feels like I've had to carry the weight of their strugSnorlax and imagined they were the one on the other endhome, I'm just staying with relatives, but they treat me likof course not all the time. They tried to set me up with mchild of their business partners. They tried to force me in —but they backed off, though it cost them the collapse oI shifted positions, still hugging Snorlax and playing with"...My problems at school are probably the same as any sGraduation is taking forever!..." I said, slightly annoyed,heard them laugh. "...With my classmates..." I paused as with them came flooding back. "...they made me believe group. I thought I belonged with them. But it turned out Ithem—they bet on me and ganged up on me as if all our meant nothing."Tears were starting to well up, so I took a few deep breat"And then there's the person I love. What a mess! I feel l back and forth. They're playing with me—do I look like They're so full of themselves! They're probably gay!" I htheir throat, as if they wanted to say something. "...They'know Mark Keifer Watson? They're gay! Gay!"*Sogayaccordingtoyou*

 It's not them... That person wouldn't waste their time justI was about to speak, but the call suddenly ended. I waitecall again, but they didn't. I tried calling them, but they dI just typed a message for them instead.**To: GagongBaliw****Message:** Iwasn'tdone talking... Ithoughtyou'd lisI stared intently at my phone screen. I waited for a few mreceived their reply.**From: GagongBaliw****Message:** Sorry, Ihave togo.I slammed my phone onto the pillow out of frustration. I was so annoyed. This person just gives me a weird feelinone of the Snakes. But how could that be? No one knowsexcept them. I only gave it to Percy. And Rakki, because birthday. I'm not sure about David.Ugh! Who the hell is this person really?My cellphone buzzed again. Annoyed, I picked it up, andmessage came through from him.

 I ended up rolling over Snorlax because I suddenly droppfrustration. It's so annoying!I grabbed my phone and typed a reply.To: GagongBaliw   Message:Idon'tknow withyou!Good nightalready!I didn't want to say goodbye yet, but he said "I have to gotexting this idiot. My phone buzzed again with his reply.From: GagongBaliw   Message:Good night... Ihope you'llhave sweetdreams.Ugh! What's up with him?! The emoji again!My hands were trembling as I typed my reply. I wanted tdreams are sweet because of you," but of course, I had toTo: GagongBaliw   Message:You too. Sweetdreams. He replied quickly. Even though I hadn't read it yet, I waturning in bed, still trying to make sense of my feelings.ButIwasn'tfeelinggiddy!

 The feeling was gone in an instant. My irritation came bato smash my phone against the wall. I forgot I was textinI angrily pressed the buttons on my phone to finish my mThis bastard!To: GagongBaliw   Message:Queen Ina!Stop texting me!You're really goodIn my rage, I choked Snorlax. Damn it! I felt a little betteanger inside me lessened. But then it came back... becausMy phone buzzed again. I didn't want to look at it anymowas pushing me to read his message.From: GagongBaliw   Message:Imore like itwhenyou talk to me like that..I winced. This guy is crazy. He really likes it when I curstexts, huh? This dude's head is totally messed up.To: GagongBaliw   Message:You're really crazy!Your name fits you perfectHe replied quickly.

    Message:Idon'tcare aboutyou!Stopbothering me!Ith   go already? Why are youstillreplying?!I angrily pressed the send button. I stared at the conversaminutes, but no reply came. Maybe he had fallen asleep owhat I said.I put my phone on the bedside table and turned to lie dowsome strange reason, sleep wouldn't come.I turned around to change positions and find a more comI closed my eyes, but my mind was wide awake. I pulledme, but it didn't help.I lay on my stomach, then my back, then rolled over and  but nothing worked. I was still awake!When you want to sleep, you can't! When you don't, youI checked my phone and looked at the time. I got even mI saw the time. It was 2:26 AM!Damn it! How long had I been texting with that idiot?! Awe spent talking... well, I was the only one talking since The thought of GagongBaliw crossed my mind again. WItdtttkhibttjtIldlhi

 Oh wow! He's the one accusing me.I quickly replied to him.To: GagongBaliw   Message:You're so thick-skinned!How dare you say I'mYOU'RETHEONEWITH THENERVE!That jerk! I'm the one who can't sleep. Of course, he's thinot assuming, it's obvious! Why would he text me first ifabout me?I looked at my phone as it buzzed. I immediately read theFrom: GagongBaliw   Message:How else? 'Cause you're the only person I'm taearlier.Ugh, he's such a snob!I started typing my reply to him.To: GagongBaliw   Message:Don'tblame me!Don'tblame me!IpressedsendbarelycheckingmyEnglishbecauseIwa

 From: GagongBaliw   Message:Hahaha... What's withyour English?What do you care about my English?!I was about to reply again, but his response to my last meFrom: GagongBaliw   Message:Yes,I'm thinking ofyou. Here inmy bed, nakedMy nose flared up with anger. This guy is a jerk! He's sucouldn't help but angrily type my reply.To: GagongBaliw   Message:Freaking pervert!Ifyoushow yourselfto me, ybreak from the beatingyou'llget!You're disgusting! You're such a perv! People like you shmanhood chopped off!People like you deserve to be tokhang-ed!I had more to say, but I figured it wouldn't fit, so I hit senanother message for him, but suddenly his reply came thFrom:GagongBaliw

 From: GagongBaliw   Message:And ofcourse... The honeymoon!This jerk!I was so mad at him that I threw my phone on the bed, anand hit the floor.I also started stomping on the bed from frustration. Evenup in the wrestling match."Pervert! Pervert! Pervert!" I angrily said, punching the pWith all the moving and kicking, I didn't realize I was at  bed, and suddenly I fell off. My head hit the floor first!I'll make sure I meet you face to face! You're dead to me

 Chapter 219: Begin AgainJay-jay's POVThe days went by unnoticed. I didn't leave my room becato face Kuya.In those days, I only talked to Percy and that GagongBalThey did nothing but annoy me.Speaking of the phone, it buzzed, and when I checked, Pme. I answered immediately, thinking he might need somstill didn't leave his room."Hello," I casually said.["Jay... It's Felix."] I glanced at my phone screen for a mit was really him calling."Why? And why are you holding Percy's phone?"["Because... Kuya Percy said----"] Suddenly, someone shgoing out!" ["So, he doesn't want to leave because he migand lose all his charm again."]Percyreallylosthismind

 "Yeah." I answered, lifelessly.["Why is he involved here?"]I rolled my eyes. It was such a hassle to explain. I was tryfor school."Just tell him that."He didn't say anything, but I heard some movement on hheard the door creaking.["Hey! Get out... I'm going to school now."] Felix must'vPercy.["I don't want to... I'll stay here."] Percy replied.["Suit yourself! Honey knows my address."] Felix said, acreak again. ["Jay?"] He called me. ["I've told him."]"What was his reaction?"Suddenly, I heard a loud bang from his side, followed by["I'll drop you off!"] Percy's voice. ["I'll go to Tito JasfheTito Jasfher's house?Ohrightthat'swhereheusedtostaybutwhenthingsw

 I don't know what's with our school. Whenever there's a rich, they suddenly cancel our classes.After finishing getting ready, I grabbed my phone again.my bag and left my room. I went straight to the dining rowere having breakfast.As soon as I entered, they suddenly went quiet, like an anMama wasn't there because she was following Andy, the"G-good morning po," I greeted them.Tita Gema and Tito Julz smiled at me. Kuya Angelo keptwhile eating. Aries glared at me.Like he was going to burn me with that stare."Good morning, Jay. Are you leaving already? Eat first." but I immediately shook my head."Thanks, but I'm just saying goodbye. I have to go to sch"Just bring food with you." She added, about to call the mstopped her."Let her be, Ma. If she wants to leave, let her." He said, nus.Ibdhdbtfdil"I'li"

 I continued walking toward the corner. I was planning tothen I remembered I hadn't had breakfast yet. So I went smart and bought a sandwich.While in line at the cashier, I noticed a guy walking in. Hnotice him? He looked like he had just woken up with mHe didn't even glance at me and went straight to pick hisYuri, the disheveled one.I paid for my sandwich and sat down on the bench by theeating quietly when someone suddenly approached and sme."Hi Miss, can I share the table?" Yuri said as if he didn't He didn't seem to be all there. He adjusted his glasses anmy eyebrows and nodded at him. He quickly sat down acthe bench. He put his food on the table between us."Are you an HVIS student too? What year are you? By thHow about you?" He asked one after another.I was ready to curse him out, but then I remembered. He start over. I mean from the very beginning, before we eveI'll play along.

 I just stared at him while he smiled at me. He looked ridi but a part of me wanted to laugh.I tapped his hand. "I'm not interested." I said.Yuri lowered his hand but was still smiling at me."Nice meeting you, not interested," he said.Great... He's completely lost it.He's really into this "start all over again" thing. Good lucserious."What's your deal?" I asked irritably."Hm?" He replied, while unwrapping the food he bought"This is good, want some?"I wanted to slap myself. I was referring to what he was dwas doing to me right now."Crazy." I mumbled, but I made sure to let him hear it.He smiled at me before taking a bite of his sandwich. He juice he bought. He faced me like he was waiting for myfood.

 I sighed and put my food down on the table. I shook my slightly leaned my face toward him."My full name is Jasper Jean Mariano. My nickname is Jyear high school, 17 years old, and I'm almost 18 in May because food is life..." I dragged out the word "foooood.kick, and trash-talk. Every breath I take is followed by a the last thing... I DON'T... I don't like this thing we're doistupid!"He just stared at me quietly, like he was shocked by whatrue, we looked like idiots. We've known each other for mkissed! And now we're here, introducing ourselves to eacWhat the heck?!He slightly turned his head. "So, 'Not Interested' isn't youI slapped my forehead. Seriously, this guy is annoying! Islamming my head on the table. Why am I torturing mysI almost forgot that this guy was in Section E.Such a fool...I raised my head and continued eating. I finished, but to bstill hungry. I glanced at Yuri's food. He probably boughtsandwiches.

 I just nodded, but honestly, I had already snatched one sawas talking."You said you're in 4th year, what section are you in?" HI started devouring the sandwich I took. I was just being want to keep buying food. Life's tough right now!"Section E," I answered between bites.He seemed amazed by what I said. "Really? Wow, I'm alHuh?I just went along with his act. I played it up like he did."Really?! That's awesome, right?" I said, while reaching sandwich near him."We're both going to school together." He suggested.I could save on fare!I nodded brightly at him. "Sure!" Then I grabbed anotherHe was still smiling at me. He grabbed one of the sandwand ate it. It seemed like he didn't notice his food was runWhilecontinuingtoeathehandedmesomeoftherema

 When we were done eating, he immediately invited me tsupposed to go to school together. He looked like a childa new friend.So happy, smiling, and unable to contain his joy.I guess if he had been like this the first time we met—reatime—we probably would have become friends right awwouldn't be like this now.Such a mess...When we arrived at school, I waited for him to park propout. I just grimaced while watching him.I looked around and saw a few students staring at us, whI didn't know what they were talking about, but it seemed"What's going on?" Yuri asked, looking at the students ga building.I ran toward them. I tried to squeeze into the curious studtarpaulin greeted me. It was attached to a large plywood two wooden posts. Notice for Demolition!Idid'tttfiihdithtiIidit

 "I can't do anything about that. I know you've known forBoard Members wanted this building demolished, but yoopposed it," she said, adjusting her books. "...And now thisn't here to support you, nothing can stop what the wholMr. Fernandez? That's Kuya Angelo. Why isn't he here aunderstand."But Ma'am... You can see it! This building is fine. It's budemolish it?" Sir asked irritably.The Guidance Counselor chuckled, which annoyed me. Tfunny about it. Sir was right. Even though the paint was  building was dusty and full of grime, the walls were clea"It's sturdy, but look at the surroundings. It looks like a gwalls are full of vandalism! And the students? They don'here to study!" Ma'am pointed at Sir."...If I had it my way, I'd demolish even the Section E stureason they're here is because they have backers or their influential. But they're dirtying this school with their behSir took a deep breath, trying to control his anger. "Sectioreason this building is like this. You ordered the old deskand even old books to be dumped here. Other students wmade this mess, not them."

 Sir stood there, wiping his face several times. I could fee people behind me, so I turned around.It was Section E, except for their leader."What now?" Ci-N asked sadly."As long as we graduate early, I'm fine with it," Eren saidimmediately gave him a smack on the back of the head.I looked at Yuri when I noticed he was looking at Sir seriHe walked toward Sir."I thought Angelo was the one blocking the Board Membseem like he didn't do anything now?" Yuri asked.Sir shook his head. "He didn't show up at the last meetinout about the issues with their company."So Kuya was the one helping Sir Alvin stop the demolitiBut what does the company issue have to do with this? Wif there's a problem?Sir turned to face us sadly but tried to smile. "Go back toneed to make a call."The rest of Section E walked out one by one. Yuri grabbetllldbktthBthii

 Oh, that's right. Kuya Angelo and Sir Alvin knew each o probably why he was so against the demolition. Everythito him."This is so annoying! Just when we needed Keifer, now hsaid angrily.Keifer is leaving?! Should I celebrate?!"Why is Keifer leaving?" Ci asked sadly."Yeah, he didn't tell us anything," Mayo added.Edrix slammed his foot on the table as he sat down. "He to the school committee. He's going to be gone for a monA month?!'I'm giving you space.'I remembered what he said to me again. Is this the space month? What about his birthday? What about his studiesI looked at his spot behind me and caught Yuri staring at when he realized I was looking at him."What's he gonna do while he's gone for a month?" Davi"He'spreparing"Roryansweredbored"Hisbirthday

 Even though it's true!There was a pain in my chest as I thought that maybe he come back. If you have billions, what's the point of comiHe could buy a school, classmates, and a woman who wohas more than enough money."Keifer will come back," Ci-N whispered while looking will."I ruffled his hair and smiled at him. "Maybe not. Maybe  pretended to joke.He pouted while trying to fix his hair. I really didn't get hwas such a mess. That's why I didn't want to believe himconfusing.I just hope that when he comes back, he fixes everythingalso hope he returns soon because of the huge mess he lewon't be anything for him to come back to.

 Chapter 220: No longer theJay-jay's POVI've been staring at the big"Notice for Demolition"   sign for a while now. I can only see the back, but that's eI'm currently on the second floor, eating lunch while watfight."Get out of here! I'll flick you!" Percy said, annoyed."I'll gouge your eyes out!" Ci-N threatened.Ci-N followed me here, thinking I'd join him to eat the forefused and went straight to the second floor."Can I have this?" Ci said happily, taking a pizza slice."Your face is so thick! That's not for you!" Percy said, angrab what she took.They've been like this ever since they met. I should have

 he happily accepted it. Percy looked at me seriously, as iwas thinking about a problem."Is it the Demolition Notice you're worried about?" he asCi looked at me for a moment before continuing to eat. I response.The truth is, that's not the only thing on my mind. No mato convince myself not to believe or hope for anything frof the Ulupongs, nothing changes. I keep hoping even thThe painful part is that a big part of me is holding on to whe would come back after giving me space.But it seems like he's already boarded his own spaceshipme and never coming back."Don't think about it. He loves you," Ci said absentmindecontinuing to eat.Percy frowned at him. If I wasn't used to his behavior, I w probably slapped him hard."Is this really how he is?" Percy asked, pointing at Ci-N "...A hungry idiot, and talking to himself."I nodded. "He bites too."

 habit.Percy was starting to tear up from the pain, so I stopped C"Ci... Let go," I said boredly, and he let go.He turned back to his food and resumed eating. Percy wafinger, which was turning almost black from the bite. Teaeyes while he gave Ci-N a dirty look.Ci-N acted like he didn't notice.For a moment, my worries faded because of them. But thsaid earlier came back to my mind. Maybe he really wonIt's possible. Maybe it's better if I just accept that it's trueany more hope. So it won't hurt as much when that day cI heard my phone ring. I picked it up, and of course, therfrom my daily textmate who's always acting crazy.From: GagongBaliwMessage: eat well... Ptba ka, para mlamn.I wanted to think that he was being concerned. But sincehe's an Ulupong too, I know what he meant by "malamanIignoreditandjustlookedaroundIcaughtsightofsom

 The two were about to exchange some sharp words whenmy name from downstairs."JAY-JAY!" someone shouted.I walked toward the stairs to go down, and that's when I calling me. It was Eren."Jay! It's your cousin!" he greeted me.I didn't wait for him to say anything else. I immediately r building, pushing through the students who were clearly I almost shoved everyone out of my way to get closer to But even before I could get any closer, I could already sehappening.The Horoscope!Sections A and D were ganging up on Aries. They were bKiko and Aries' friend. But I couldn't understand what wI saw Ella crying while Mica was hugging her. Freya, onseemed like she was just watching a boring show. She wnails and sighing."What's happening?! Aries the great... Where's your courMkl"Whthd'l

 I couldn't see Aries' face clearly because he was facing sicould see blood on parts of his face and uniform.I was about to go to them to intervene, but someone grabI looked, Yuri was looking at me with concern."Don't move yet... You might make things worse for ArieWhat he said was true. There were two sections involvedwere ganging up on him. If I acted recklessly, I didn't knmight do.I reluctantly decided to just watch them. My fists were clcould feel the heat rising as if I wanted to punch someonShould I punch this person in front of me?"Poor Aries," said a girl near us."Come on, Jelaii! You feel sorry for him, even though heyou!" said the girl next to her.They were so loud! I wanted to shout at them!A bit of a block from two students made me move positioview of Aries. I was in a good spot now, facing him."Babe! Poor Aries," said another girl in front of me, whohbfid'

 crying and calling themselves forever alone. When they start fighting.Unbelievable...I was forced to return to my previous spot. I sat next to Y back at Mykel. I covered my mouth when I saw Mykel pstomach. Aries fell to his knees while being held by two Section D."Yuri! We have to do something!" I urged.They delivered another punch and kick to Aries. He cougit looked like he might lose consciousness.I couldn't take it anymore. I was about to rush in and punface, but then... Percy?Percy was in the middle, picking his nose."What's he doing there?!" Felix asked, surprised.I was surprised too. He looked like he had no idea what wwhile watching the fight. Since he was in the middle, evestared at him."Hey! Get out of here! You're in the way!" Mykel yelled "I'tht'hithI'lljtth

 "That's some thick skin." I whispered.Aries slightly raised his head and looked at the person in brow furrowed slightly."P-Percy? W-What... What are you d-doing here?" he askwhispering.Percy scratched his neck. "I'm delivering."Tsk! He's delivering food for me.Mykel studied Percy closely, and it seemed like he recoglooked at Freya for a moment, then back at Percy."You're Freya's boyfriend! But you're dead! How—""Correction!" Freya said loudly. "...Ex-boyfriend."Suddenly, Percy grabbed his chest like he was hurt for soreason. He dropped to his knees while staring at Freya.This is over the top!"Ouch! Argh! It hurts!" he said. "...Freya killed me."He suddenly collapsed on the floor like he had fainted. I him to get him to leave since he was stealing the spotlighhimfirstHegrabbedPercy'swristandpretendedtolook

 "What the hell! What are you doing?! And you!" Mykel "...Get out of here! I'll flick you!""What's it to you?!" Ci-N retorted, running towards us.That sounds like something I would say.Percy got up from the floor and dusted himself off. He evhandkerchief to wipe his face."Crazy... You killed me off already," Percy said to Ci-N."Hey! I don't care where you came from! Get out of herestayed in your coffin!" Mykel shouted angrily."I don't want to!" Percy protested. "...But you can if you Mykel was clearly getting annoyed with him. Even Sectigetting irritated by Percy's actions.Percy flashed a big smile at him. "You want to come withcame from?"Mykel lost it completely. He lunged at Percy with a puncdodged it effortlessly. Percy even laughed when he saw mHe faced Aries. "You let this weakling bring you down?"Ariescouldn'tevenrespondSectionDreleasedhimand

 "I didn't want to fight someone younger than me," he signo choice."It seemed like nothing to him as he landed a punch on thcame at him. He didn't even sweat on the next hit, lookin punched the next one.The women screamed in fear, while the men cheered for I looked at Mykel when he circled around to Percy's back baseball bat. I immediately ran when I saw him about to Just as I got closer, someone's foot... a foot?Yes! Someone kicked Mykel in the face. Ci-N had done the idiot. The Kid was so happy."Yes! I've wanted to do that for so long! I'm just gonna ghe said, raising his hands in victory.He's crazy! That was a strong hit.As far as I know, Mykel and his older brother are close. Smust know all of his crazy antics.I completely forgot that I was about to approach Percy. Imiddle of the people rushing toward Percy. I was about tlooked like it wasn't necessary anymore.lidhhhl

 "Why aren't you leaving yet?!" I asked frantically."Isn't it obvious? We're struggling to help Aries!" Ella saI swear, this is frustrating!I tried to lift Aries up. They helped me, but we were near because of his weight."Let's take him to the clinic!" I said, but Ella suddenly st"They won't accept him there," she said.I looked at her and Mica, and they both looked serious. Waccept him there?I squeezed my eyes shut. "Tsk! Let's just take him to ourThey both nodded, so we all worked together to carry himfelt like we were carrying ten sacks of rice because of his No one even bothered to help us. When we got to our rooand quickly looked for something we could use to lay himThe only thing I found was Eman's apron. I spread it out lie down. His face was bruised and swollen from the injuconscious but struggling to move."Don'tyouhaveafirstaidkithere?"Ellaaskedhervoic

 Even all these things happening, I don't get them either. Iwho also seemed worried about Aries' condition."What's happening? Why did they do this to Aries? I thofriends?" I asked both of them.They both looked at me, hesitant about whether to tell mElla's hand, as if saying it was okay to tell me."T-they put Aries down from his throne," she said, almossaid since Angelo is down, Aries is the same."I was stunned by Ella's words. Why did Aries have to bewas happening with my brother? Yes, their company is cdoesn't mean they are too.They're a bunch of hypocrites..."They looked up to Aries because he was connected to Amade him a king in this school, but now that Angelo is geverything is gone for Aries too," Ella added, crying.I just sat down on the floor. I felt like everything was mymy desire to escape that wedding, I had to sacrifice my bAnd now, even the life they were used to is slipping awaThis is the price for my selfishness.

 Chapter 221: The real KinJay-jay's POV"Here's the first aid kit," Eman said, handing a red pouch"T-thank you," Ella said as she took the pouch.She opened it and took out some cotton and alcohol. Shedabbing Aries' face.I looked at them, feeling useless. I wanted to call Tita or was afraid of what they'd say. I knew I was the one respo"Jay..." Ci-N called me while sitting beside me. "...Why aI looked at him. "They said they wouldn't be accepted at  brought them here.""Keifer might get mad," he whispered to me."That Kumag isn't here," I replied.I hugged my knees and buried my head. I didn't know whI felt embarrassed in front of my brother because of what

 "I think we need to take him to the hospital," Kit said, looElla.I looked at Ella, who was also looking at me. It was like me to agree. I wanted to say yes because that's what Arieof me was scared. My brother would get mad."A-what... I think—" I didn't finish my sentence becausestarted to rise.I crawled over to him. He was whispering something thaunderstand. Ella held his hand, and we both leaned downclearly."S-si Jay-jay... D-don't..." He said, breathing deeply. "...dcloser... M-m-mykel."Ella and I exchanged looks. He didn't want me near Mykwhy, but I had no intention of listening to him. What Ci-Nwasn't enough. I needed to get back at Mykel.Suddenly, his breathing deepened. Ella panicked and diddo. I was also nervous seeing his chest rise and fall so irrShit! Aries has a problem with his brain... or was it his lu"Let's take him to the hospital!" Ella said, crying."!!"ihddlidi

 I also felt like I was about to cry because of the way my b breathing was shallow, he had cuts, bruises, and blood evwere angry at each other, but I couldn't deny that I was st"Aries! We're almost at the hospital!" Ella cried."Hold on, Dude! We're almost there!" Yuri said, and I looThat's when I realized he was worried too. It was the firsgenuinely care about Aries.We arrived at the hospital. Yuri carried Aries inside the eDoctors and nurses arrived to take care of him."Please wait here... We'll take care of the patient," one of pulling the curtain in front of us.We had no choice but to step aside and wait in the waitina while to park the car in the hospital parking lot. While the entrance and saw Percy.I stood up and slightly raised my hand so he could see mdisappointed because he immediately walked over to us, "How is Aries?" he asked me."He's inside, they're taking care of him," I said softly.HldbifltEllbflkibkt

 I didn't want Ella to hear. I knew she knew about my engShe might blame me too, and I didn't want to start any drhospital.He sighed deeply a few times and touched his temple. I nthere were some scratches and marks that he probably goearlier."You should go back to your school. I'll call Angelo," hecellphone from his pocket."W-wait... I want to know how Aries is doing," I said, myalmost on the verge of crying."I'll just call you. Go back to school."I bit my lower lip. I wanted to stay here. I wanted to mak be okay.Percy dialed a number on his phone. I stepped back fromto face my brother. I was afraid.He would turn into Hulk.I looked at Ella, who was still hunched over, crying. My  blur, and my breathing deepened.I turned my back on them without saying anything. Eachhjifhld'

 Instead of answering, all I could do was sob. My arms inwrapped around him."It's all my fault," I said between sobs.I didn't care if we were still at the hospital. I didn't care iflooking at us. If they thought we were in a drama, then thones.Is it wrong to cry in public?!"Sshhh... Don't think like that," he said, letting me bury mI closed my eyes. Why was this person so kind to me?! Itwanted to be a saint, playing the martyr. Of all the peoplewas the one who just took it all in stride.Damn, so much kindness! Share it!Slowly, I stopped crying. I didn't say anything until he aswith him. He was going to ask me to eat, but I quickly mneeded to return to school.He agreed, and he started the car, heading back to schoolcommotion among the students even though the scene froover. They were gossiping as soon as we arrived."Poor Aries, huh?"

 I nodded and walked toward our building. We were gettiroom when I noticed some of the snakes and other studencommotion.This day really was cursed!Yuri started running, so I did the same. As we got closer,Mykel fighting. Mica was surrounded by David, Eren, K"Go ahead! Knock him down!" someone from Mykel's gCalix's face was covered in blood, but he still wouldn't stkicking."Stop it!" Mica cried, her voice trembling. "...Leave CaliYuri and I immediately stepped between them. I punchedsending him to the floor. His angry glare was directed at His group panicked and tried to charge at us, but Yuri ste blocking them."STOP!" he shouted, his voice commanding.The troublemakers stared at us. Mykel slowly stood up, wfrom the side of his lip."Mykel... Why are you here?" Yuri asked, his voice calm

 "Get out of here," I said firmly.Mykel approached me, smiling as he pointed at my foreh"You don't get to decide what happens here," he said cold"Get out, Mykel. Leave Mica alone," Yuri said, now facinThey locked eyes, sizing each other up like they were tesstrength and resolve."Just because Watson isn't around, you think you can actstrongest here. What can you do? Huh? Hanamitchi?"He taunted.Yuri didn't respond but kept his eyes fixed on Mykel. Whcame, Mykel started laughing. His group joined in with lThey were all crazy."You're nothing!" one of Mykel's friends from Section D"You're just like Aries," another added."What do you expect from the Section E people?" Mykel"...They're only tough when Watson is around. But he's nthey're all useless!"

 "I've had enough of you!" he said. "...You and your cousannoying.""Let go of Jay-jay," Yuri ordered.Mykel still held onto the collar of my uniform. He lookea small laugh."Make me," he challenged.Yuri started to step forward, but Mykel suddenly pulled mChaos broke out in Section D when other snakes tried to That jerk took the chance to pull me further away from thI tried to fight back, but he was tugging at my uniform, ahim, I might end up exposed.They'd see my... bill-bills!"What the heck! Where are you taking me?!" I asked ang"I'm going to teach you a lesson. You need to learn to resKing." New King?! Did he declare that himself? He was so full knocked Aries down just to say he was the new king. HoWereachedthefrontofthemainbuildingthesameplac

 Mykel pointed at me while walking around me. "I'm so agirl."Freya looked at me and raised an eyebrow. I ignored herI chose to face Mykel, who was pacing around, thinking Teachers passed by, some curious, but when they saw me just left and pretended they hadn't seen anything.So annoying!"Hold her," Mykel suddenly said.Two guys from Section A started to approach me. Panickkicked one of them in the stomach. The other stopped, lo"Idiots! It's just one girl! And you can't even handle her!"angrily.I didn't notice how close Mykel was until it was too late.for a punch, and he hit me in the stomach."Ugh!" I groaned as I fell to my knees.The students around us screamed. My vision blurred fromknees felt weak.Itfeltlikemyinsideswereturning

 My arms were trembling as I tried to stand up. I looked adid that. I was both scared and surprised when I saw himThe look on his face was one of someone ready to kill. Hlike he'd fought with a comb. He was wearing a simple t-his face was full of rage.Those were the reasons I almost didn't recognize him. Wa completely different person...It was Kuya Angelo.Everything stopped when they saw him. Some of the mesome were so scared they probably peed their pants.I glanced at his side when Yuri and the other snakes arrivIt seemed like they had just finished fighting with Sectiosaw Kuya, they also stopped in their tracks."K-Kuya..." I called to him, but it was barely a whisper.As Mykel slowly stood up, Kuya began walking toward and mouth were covered in blood. It was clear he was diz properly."Who do you think you are?" Kuya asked calmly."YhilitdbthdhtiWh

 We were all shocked by his reaction. Kuya had only punit had such an effect on Mykel.Plus, the look on his face was like a knife. I'd seen him athis was different.It was so different!For reasons I couldn't understand, it was like I saw Keifethere was a similarity in the way Keifer, Yuri, Percy, andKuya Angelo's and Keifer's anger was something else.I snapped out of my thoughts when someone helped me along with David and Felix."What hurts?" Felix asked.I shook my head and looked back at Kuya. He was still sMykel."W-who do you think you are?" Mykel asked angrily, bufear in his voice.Kuya Angelo grabbed Mykel by the collar and brought h"I am... Your worst nightmare," he said, pushing Mykel aThe guys from Section A quickly approached the jerk onkhkiWhidthth

 It felt like my tongue had frozen, and I couldn't speak. Kapproach me, but a loud shout of his name stopped him.We all turned to see where it came from. From the main Guidance Counselor was walking toward us, taking long"What do you think you're doing?!" Ma'am said. "...You school grounds! Do you know we could file a case againKuya's eyes were lifeless as he looked at her. "Then sue mThe counselor was furious, practically steaming with ragforehead were bulging from anger."You have some nerve!""You might be forgetting something," Kuya said calmly, gradually changed.The same cold look returned to Kuya's eyes. I could see tGuidance Counselor's eyes, but she tried to hide it."...I am the King here! I'm the reason this school is still sTechnically, I own this school, and here you are, disrespesaid angrily. "...Who has the audacity, huh?""You're disrespectful!" the counselor yelled, holding her never shown any respect!"

 "You're done, Angelo. You have nothing left to brag abouscare us anymore!" Ma'am said arrogantly. "...You think yourself!"Kuya laughed softly, which confused all of us. "I don't nintimidate people. You know that... Maybe you want me school again and bring your students along with it."The counselor took a step back, looking pale. Some studstepped in to support her to prevent her from falling."I heard a rumor once that this school burned down becahad no idea Angelo was involved in that," Yuri said, not I felt even more scared. I didn't know Kuya was capable that. Burn down the school?!"I'm still the King," he said, smiling.

 Chapter 222: IslandJay-jay's POVI'm alone again. That feeling I had before is back. The feunacceptable. This time, it's not from my classmates but taking care of me."The patient's vitals are stable. You don't have to worry atissue damage anymore; it responded well to the medicatdoctor told Tita Gema.Tito Julz and Kuya Angelo immediately breathed a sigh how I should have felt too, but guilt overwhelmed me.Because no matter how you look at it, everything started"...I suggest a longer rest for the patient. It would also behave some light exercise." The doctor continued.Tita Gema asked more questions that I couldn't understanlooked at Ella, who was tightly holding Aries' hand. She off him."I'm sorry." I whispered as I watched them.

 "What did Angelo say to you?" He asked.I shook my head. He hadn't said anything since we left scwanted to go straight home, but Kuya brought me to the Percy smiled and touched my head. "You're too stressed.I didn't say anything else and just followed him. It felt likhappened earlier made me hungry. I was scared to go bac because of what Kuya said to our Guidance Counselor.We went to a fast-food restaurant near the hospital. PercyWhile eating, I was still deep in thought.I really didn't know what to do anymore.I wanted to talk to Yuri's family. But it felt like I was beinafter answering back their Head Master. Plus, I ignored Yrequest. What face could I even show them?Could I show Author's face?(A/N: Damn this! Yuri might fall in love with me.)I was starting to regret my decision not to go through witif I did, I knew I wouldn't be happy, and Yuri might feel t"So, the wedding with Yuri is off." Percy suddenly said, hi

 I looked down. I felt guilty again. If only I could do somcould help without needing to get married."Where's the necklace I gave you?"I looked at him, puzzled. He was serious, waiting for my bag and opened it. I took the necklace from the secret poBefore I could even hand it to him, he snatched it from mstartled, but even more so when he removed the ring YurHe handed the necklace back to me. "Wear it."To be honest, I hadn't worn the necklace because I was mtime. On the day I called David to send a message to Pernecklace off.He waited for me to put it back on before speaking."I'll return this to him.""W-why?""Just because. And if possible, stay away from him."My eyebrows furrowed completely. I didn't understand hquickly took the ring from his hand."What'syourproblem?Whyareyouactinglikethis?"Ia

 I quickly stood up and walked out of the restaurant. He fimmediately."Jay-jay." He called me.I didn't stop walking."Go home, Percy. Felix might be looking for you.""What's the problem?" he asked irritably.I quickly turned to face him and glared at him angrily. I dwalking by stared at us."You are the problem! I'm mad at you because you won't"Because you don't need to know everything right away.His words made me stop in my tracks. He's right. Who amto tell me those things?"Not everything is about you, Jay. And those things, we nfirst before we let anyone else know." He explained and I bit my lower lip in frustration. I didn't look to see wherreturned to the hospital and went to Aries' room.This is so frustrating!

 I approached Aries, whose face was covered in bandagesface were even blackened. His appearance was really dis"Jay-jay..." Tita called me, forcing a smile. "...Come withThey're going home.""T-Tita..." I couldn't stop my voice from cracking. "...I'mAries got hurt by his classmates."Tita held my hand. "Don't blame yourself. Don't ever do "Your Tita's right," Tito Julz chimed in. "...They wanted tIt wasn't you.""B-but..." If we hadn't called off the wedding, they wouldand people would still look up to Aries.I couldn't finish what I was going to say because Tita Gegrip on my hand. She smiled at me, as if telling me, "It's I tried to return her smile. We talked a bit more before I wleave. Ella was waiting for me outside the room. We walthe parking lot.I thought Kuya Angelo would already be in the car, but hwhen we arrived.I scanned around and saw him in a corner, smoking a cig

 "Just to relieve stress," he said flatly. "...Let's go. We stillElla."We got into the car together. He opened the door and sat I sat in the passenger seat and Ella was in the back. No one spoke. It was so quiet, the silence was deafeningracing with thoughts. I felt uncomfortable.We stopped in front of a bungalow house. It was simple extravagant. Ella got out and thanked Kuya. Now I realized that what they said about Ella not being wTheir life was so simple—something she made complicaWe arrived at the house. Kuya slumped onto the sofa and No one welcomed us, so the maids were probably asleep"Get some rest," he said without looking at me.But I didn't move. I stared at him as I gathered the words"K-Kuya—""Don't continue," he cut me off. "...I just want to rest."I felt embarrassed. I went to the room without saying anyAssoonasIclosedthedoorallthetearsIhadbeenhold

 I heard my phone ring. I took it out of my bag, and a textTo: GagongBaliw   Message:Missing you now. I wiped my tears and quickly called GagongBaliw. It ranthey answered."Don't say anything yet," I said as soon as they picked up"...Just listen to me, please. Just listen to what I have to sneed."I didn't hear anything from their end, so I continued spea"My sibling got hurt because of me..." I took a deep brea"...Because I chose not to go through with the wedding thme. But... it came at a great cost..."I wiped the tears that slipped from my eyes. "...Now, the me is suffering. They look down on my cousin and my siI couldn't stop. I started crying like a child. My sniffles mtears. I didn't want them to hear my pain, so I ended the ctake long before I received another text.To: GagongBaliw

 For some reason, I don't understand, my crying slowly stlike it was stopping on its own, even without me trying to"I feel like I'm all alone. There's no one I can lean on. I'v bad, even though I've always felt alone. Maybe it's becau beside me.I'm stupid if I'm stupid. I'm an idiot if I'm an idiot, but a blooking for him and wanting to see him."...Keifer." I whispered, and suddenly the line went deadI didn't understand why. I slowly crawled over to the beddidn't even bother changing my clothes, and because of mfell asleep.When I woke up, I felt terrible. I had a fever, and my throI tried to get up and head straight for the bathroom. I neeschool. This is the only thing I can do right for Tita Gemand got ready, even though it felt like there was somethindown on my head.When I went to the dining room, no one was there. Therefor me.I tried to eat, and I also asked one of the maids for mediciflliik

 I didn't want to argue. My head was heavy, and nothing wmind. I had no words to snap at him. I walked to his car adoor to the passenger seat. I got in without saying a wordHe quickly got into the driver's seat and started the car. Hme, though I couldn't clearly see him. As he kept glancinthe cars in front of him had stopped.He slammed on the brakes so hard I almost hit the front aoff the seat. My things spilled out because the zipper wasThis is so frustrating! The bag's zipper wasn't even closeI picked up the contents of my bag. There was so much tsnacks I ate."Sorry." Yuri said, trying to help me, but I stopped him."Just drive," I told him, continuing to clean up the mess.I even checked under the seat. By accident, I felt somethand paper. I thought it came from my bag, so I picked it ueyebrow when I saw it was a cigarette pack.Yuri looked at me. "T-that's Keifer's," he quickly said, buwanted to take back the name he mentioned.I stared at the pack. Some cigarettes were missing. Suddehihhhid

 "Do you think..." I said absent-mindedly. "...When will KBecause maybe what Blaster said is true, and he won't co"I don't know." He answered flatly.Maybe he didn't tell anyone when he left. He didn't even  best friend or anyone else. Maybe he really isn't coming really won't come back to me. It felt like something piercthe cigarette stick back in the pack and placed it in my ba"Didn't you talk to him before he left?" I asked again wh"No. We never had the chance.""Can you contact him?""He's not responding."I closed my eyes. Besides the pain I was feeling in my chalso hurting. I wanted to cry with every movement I madin my head.This pain is so annoying! Does it have to be this bad?I grabbed my head, and with it came a few tears from myeyes were still closed.Thispainisjustsofrustrating!Ithurtsmybodyandmyh

 "Shit! You're burning up!" he said in surprise, quickly staI didn't know what he was going to do, but then he suddefront of the hospital. Before I could protest, he was alreaand opening the passenger door."W-what are you—" I didn't get to finish what I was goinsuddenly, he picked me up bridal style.I could clearly see the worry on his face. He kept calling would attend to me until I was placed on a bed in the em"We'll take care of everything here." One of the nurses saYuri slightly moved away while watching the nurses, buteyes off him.Why are you like this, Yuri? I'm annoyed with you.I'm annoyed with you because you're so kind. I'm annoye because it was me you loved. I'm annoyed with you becahave no chance, but you're still here. I'm annoyed with ylike I'm looking into a mirror and you're my reflection.It shows how foolish I am when it comes to love. Why isWhy does it have to be complicated? Can't we just date, and then eventually be together? Why do we both have to

 Chapter 223: Her concernJay-jay's POVI've been eating alone in the Dining for a few days now. evening, it's just me. I haven't seen any sign of Tita Gemat home. Even Mama, who just arrived, I didn't see.All I could see was her suitcase.Even my sickness didn't reach them. Thank goodness I wday. Thanks to Yuri, who took care of everything.I just finished taking a bath and was getting ready when Iring. There were only two people I was expecting to textGagongBaliw.I picked up my phone. The second person I was expectinTo: GagongBaliw   Message:Good morning!Take care ofyourself.Reading his texts has become part of my daily routine. I from texting me anymore. It feels like he's become a part

 I walked towards him and he immediately noticed me. Hopened the passenger seat door."Good morning," he greeted me."There's nothing good about this morning." I said, pretenannoyed.He just laughed before closing the door. I couldn't say thokay between me and this fool, but I gave him a chance, It was really the two of them who were persistent in tryinHe explained properly that he realized his mistakes. He mKeifer's plan because of the wedding, but he's tying me u problem.He also said that he had wanted to call off the wedding ewhat he saw in me, but he couldn't do it right away. I triewhat his family said when he tried to cancel the weddinganswer me.I felt like the result wasn't good for him."Do you have plans later?" He asked."It depends." I quickly answered.Hlkdtld"Whtd'dd'

 "Perfect! I have nothing to do, I'm available." I quickly rHe laughed again. We arrived at school, and I waited forgetting out of the car. It felt like just another normal day The talk about Aries and Mykel quickly died down. EvenKuya and his threat to our Guidance Counselor wasn't diMaybe they were scared of Kuya.The Demolition Notice was still there beside our buildingThere was no date listed for when the demolition would I continued walking to the room. Yuri followed behind, aentered, it felt like something was wrong.Something was definitely wrong!Some pairs of tables and chairs were missing. There usedwhy it was easy to switch seats, but now it was just enouThere were 16 of us, and with me, it made 17. The only ethe one at the back where the "King" used to sit and the owhere I used to sit beside David and Ci-N."Why... is this like this?" I muttered to myself."GoodmorningJay!"CiNgreetedmehappilyasheran

 Because of the arrangement of the seats, I had no choice my seat in the middle. Ci-N happily grabbed my arm anddown.I almost smiled when I saw the chair. My skirt was still sThis was the bench where my skirt got stuck before.I chose to ignore it. I got my things in order.I looked at David when I noticed he was staring at me.He was grinning like an idiot."Why are you grinning like that?" I asked irritably."I miss having you as my seatmate." He said.I raised an eyebrow. Miss? He was always asleep when wOnly when he smelled food did he wake up.Should I knock him out?When I looked to the other side, Ci-N was greeting me w"I missed this." he said, raising his eyebrows.Someone didn't take their medicine.IjustwincedWhenIlookedaroundeveryoneelsewas

 it.During the class, something small hit my head. I looked bcontinued until the next subject.When I looked again, it was a small piece of paper crumpI glanced around, but everyone seemed indifferent, preteWhy do I feel like this has happened before? Déjà vu?As the class continued, more small papers started hitting  beginning to get irritated by what they were doing.What are these people up to now?It was finally lunchtime. The bell rang loudly outside. Cimy hand before I could stand."Eat here." he said happily.Before I could protest, he pulled me towards Eman, wholunch."H-Hey, I can't." I said, and they looked at me. "...Someome.""He's not coming." Felix said while smiling. "...I texted Kyou'reherewithusjoiningus"

 "Let's go, Jay. Eat." Drew invited me.I glared at him. "Don't talk to me, we're not close."He just scratched the back of his head while walking awa jerk! You haven't even paid me back the money you owereached Part Two and everything. Not long after, someone dropped food in front of me. It wwhatever animal you could boil—for our dish, so automaIt's like the jokes of the Author. Corn!I looked to see who the traitor was who put this in front osmiling while looking at me."Let's eat." He said, but I immediately shook my head. "."If I eat this, I lose." I quickly said, and he sighed.I looked towards the door and saw Josh holding a plate fuit wasn't for him. It was for his pet cat, which Ci-N namesounds like "EveryDAY."An idea popped into my head. I quickly stood up and grawent outside without looking back at the snakes, even thcalling my name.IJhbthidfbildihit

 you should do it yourself."He walked back to the room, but before he passed me, he"Enjoy feeding Edy." He said, like it had a different meaHe left, leaving me alone. I didn't get his vibe, and it felt was taking over him.Maybe he's been impacted?!I faced Edy, who was currently eating. I was about to lowfront of him when my stomach growled. The sound was screaming 'Food! Food! Food!'.I looked closely at the food I was holding. If I eat this, I'lup in the pride competition. But if I don't eat, my stomac breath will stink.The little brat might complain.I looked around. Josh was right, no one could see me herI glanced around again before deciding to sit on a bench down and took a bite of the rice and dish.One bite, but I couldn't taste it. Another bite, but it felt bland I could sort of taste it. I chewed a little and... took an

 In this way, I wouldn't lose in their eyes. I'd just say I gavThat's probably why he said that to me before he left."Enjoy feeding Edy." Maybe he meant "enjoy feeding mAs I was finishing, someone suddenly grabbed my shoulsurprise while still chewing corn in my mouth. I almost dwas holding.To my surprise, it was Mica—who was the one who grab"S-sorry." She said.I bit the corn before pulling it out of my mouth. "It's finehere?"She forced a smile. "I just came to visit you."I wasn't sick. What was her deal? Why did she decide to  been a few days since we last saw each other. She shouldinstead.I noticed the sadness in her eyes. It seemed like somethinshe was looking for someone to talk to."Sit down. You surprised me, I'm still eating." I said.She sat on the bench, and I did the same. I finished my fottdtlki

 "Did something happen?" I asked, worried."We're breaking up, me and Calix." She said continuouslfell.I panicked, so I quickly grabbed the tissue from the poucgave it to her, and she accepted it."W-Why? W-What happened?"She didn't answer again. She just kept crying. It was as ifcarrying in her chest had built up, and now she finally harelease it. I panicked even more.Maybe that guy did something stupid!"D-did Calix cheat again? What? Did he go back to beingdid he do? Did he say anything? W-What's the reason?"I asked one question after another.She tried to calm herself down and wipe the tears from ha few deep breaths."I already know what they did to you..." I froze. "...I got we fought. He said I didn't understand, so I shouldn't get not to speak..." She bit her lower lip. "...but I couldn't juswere hurting."

 Like I said, revenge is for the weak.I didn't want to drag Mica into this. I didn't want her to gsighed."But didn't you think that if you break up with him, you'leffort I put in to get you two back together? All of it willyou'll just end up hurting yourselves again?" I explainedme.I knew she understood what I meant. I also knew that sheabout me, but the things that happened and the pain I feltalone.I was selfish, so the pain was just mine."But Jay—"I cut her off immediately. "Calix is right. You shouldn't ga problem between him and me. If anyone needs to act abthem, not you."She looked down and placed her hands on her knees. Sloclenched."Don't just let go of your relationship because of a simpltapping her shoulder.ddhddhhbkhShki

 "Calix!" I called, and almost everyone looked at me.Are all of you Calix?He stood up, obviously waiting for what I was going to shim to look outside. He did so immediately. Faster than the ran toward Mica.I didn't look at what was happening outside. I went to mywhen I saw some snacks on top of my table. Nova, ChippI glanced at the snakes, but they all avoided eye contact.Pretending like nothing happened. I looked at Ci-N, whoon his cellphone."Ci, is this yours?" I asked, and he quickly shook his heahe pouted. "Yours."I raised an eyebrow. he's really hard to talk to when he's he's so busy with whatever game he's playing. I turned toasleep.Is this guy always sleep-deprived?!I flicked his forehead hard. He blinked and looked at me"Whyareyouflickingme?"heaskedirritably

 "You're disturbing me. I'm trying to sleep." David replied back to his spot.Before he could lay down again, I spoke up."Did you put this here?" I asked.He stared at the snack for a moment before answering. "Nknow whose it is."It's so easy to talk to the people around me. It's so embarrDavid went back to sleep. I just scratched the back of myI hid the snacks in my bag. Whoever among the snakes gwill just waste their money.But honestly, this whole situation feels familiar to me. It happened before, but in a different situation.Weird.

 Chapter 224: FriendsJay-jay's POV"Where are we now?" I asked Yuri insistently.We've been driving for a while now, but it seems like weJapanese restaurant Yuri was talking about.I think we're lost. What was supposed to be a meal turnedchase!"We're almost there," he replied with a smile.When will that "almost" actually happen? That's all he evAnnoyed, I pouted and just stared out the window. We wfrom the city, somewhere deep in the Philippines.The houses were gone. All I could see were tall trees.I knew we were on the highway, but I still had no idea wwere headed.Please don't let this be *Final Destination*! Oh my God!Istartedtofeelnervouseventhoughtherewasnoreason

 What is this guy planning?I looked up at the sky. It was almost dark, and we were innowhere.I glanced at Yuri, and he smiled at me. Oh my God... Is hsomething bad? What if he's planning to... What if he's pROB ME! As if... He's richer than me, what would he galike me?I tried to push the fear out of my mind. I know this snakethe chance and trust I gave him.I just looked ahead and frowned when I saw a constructio bulldozer, a digger, a cement mixer, and other equipment project.Maybe the Japanese restaurant is still being built.Yuri parked the car beside other vehicles. He got out, andlooked around, and a large tarpaulin caught my eye.*Opening Soon, (Paradise)Resort.*"Paradise," Yuri said, also looking at the tarpaulin. "It meResort."IjtdddithtlkithiThtd

 "Where are we going to eat? The restaurant you mention built."He laughed. "Surprise."I knew it! The meal turned into a rock.He held my hand, and I was suspicious, but I quickly pul"Why are you holding my hand? What's this?" I scolded at me, confused.He scratched the back of his neck, realizing what he did. I rolled my eyes. "Where are we?"He awkwardly pointed in a direction. I didn't see anythinhim to walk ahead, and I'd follow.He did as I said and went first. As we walked, I looked uIt was completely dark now, and the path we were on waI thought we were heading toward the building or house  but Yuri suddenly turned and stopped in front of a tunnelI grimaced because it was so dark, and I could barely seetunnel seemed just the right height for him."What now? Are we staying here?" I asked irritably.

 I looked up as we walked. The lights were beautiful. Thevines hanging from the top of the tunnel. When we exitewrapped in small lights greeted us.There was a sign with an arrow pointing to a small bridgthe end. We headed toward it. I was nervous, but I didn't When we reached the bridge, there were lights on the raito touch them, thinking I might get electrocuted. At the ecompletely stopped.A familiar song started playing, and the pathway was brion the sides, covered in petals. I wanted to ask or complaseemed to go along with the situation.*Oh, thinkin' aboutallour younger yearsThere was only you andmeWe were young, wild, andfree.*We started walking, following the petal-covered pathwayholding his arm.*Now nothing can take you away from meWe've been down thatroad beforeBttht'

     And love is allthatIneed, and Ifound itthere in your he   Itisn'ttoo hard to see, we're in heaven,"*he sang.I couldn't bring myself to smile or sing along. I knew whand I had a feeling where this was going.The lights on the sides of the pathway were gradually repthe end, it pointed to a gazebo surrounded by colorful flo*Oh, once in your life, you findsomeoneWho willturn your world around      Bring you up when you're feelin' down.*But it seemed like that wasn't our destination. Yuri just toflowers from the table inside. He handed it to me, and weagain.*Now nothin' can change whatyou meanto meOh, there's lots thatIcouldtake  Butjusthold me now'Causeourlovewilllighttheway*

    Itisn'ttoo hard to see, we're in heaven,"*he sang, smiling at me.Honestly, my palm was itching to hit the back of his neckask him. I was confused by what he was doing, but I knefor me.We stopped in front of a picnic setup surrounded by smamade me sit down and continued smiling at me."For the boyish yet so beautiful girl that I love."I bit my lower lip. I couldn't bring myself to thank him, etruthfully, I found what he did beautiful."Y-Yuri..." I said almost in a whisper, but he ignored me.Yuri held my cheek and caressed it with his thumb. I couin his eyes, but there was also sadness.He leaned closer and kissed me...On the forehead!I was nervous even though he only kissed me there. My h beating abnormally fast. It felt like it was doing dribbles Hefacedmeagain"GivemeanotherchanceandI'llpro

 He sighed and forced himself to look at me with a straine"I appreciate what you did, but..." It felt like something hon my chest. "...It's just too fast! We agreed to start over,like you're rushing things."He held the back of his neck and bowed his head. It was introduction at the Mini Mart wasn't part of that agreemeI looked like an idiot introducing myself to him back theI wanted us to start over as friends. Not like this, where hfor another chance so quickly."S-sorry. I thought..."I sighed and held the bouquet of flowers. I also removed he placed on my head."Thank you for this. What you did was beautiful," I said,"...but you're still rushing things!"He laughed, and the awkwardness between us disappeare"Okay, I won't rush anymore," he said. "...I'll just wait foinstead."*Whut the fvck?!*

 "Sorry if I rushed things... I totally forgot about our convwith a smile. "...so, it means that as of now, we're---.""Friends," I finished for him.His smile grew wider. "With benefits, huh?"Without thinking, my hand shot up to slap him. He blockand kept laughing. I tried again with my other hand."Idiot! You're so stupid!" I said, irritated, as I kept hittingI stopped only when I felt my palm getting sore from all They really are friends... even with all that nonsense! I coanything..."J-joke lang yun. I thought you'd say 'we're just classmateyes sparkling with something like hope."...I'm happy that you accepted me as a friend."It felt light, like there had never been any problems betwI feel right now. Like we're really starting anew."Don't you want the benefits?" he asked, and I swung thehit him."Tsk!You'rereallyaskingforitnow!"

 He stood up, still looking at me. "Let's eat."Finally! This is what I've been waiting for."Of course! Let's eat... Where's the food?" I asked, glanc basket he was taking.He opened it and took out the plates, small plates, glassewaited for him to take out the food, but there was none. Hthe things he took out.I frowned. I was so hungry, and I had been thinking abouearlier."Is this our food? Air?" I asked irritably.He laughed at me again. I was starting to get annoyed widoing. Add the fact that I was hungry—if I didn't controlreally hit him.He pulled something out of his pocket. It looked like a smwith an antenna. He pressed something, and it opened. T"Is the food ready?" he asked into it.I heard some kind of signal disruption, and then I realize"Ready, Sir," came the response from the other side.

 A little while later, a group of people came to us. They brand set them down beside us. One of them also had a bucand a bottle of wine.Once everything was set, they bowed and left.I thanked them."Let's... Eat," he said slowly.I had already started eating before he could say it. It's hissurprise me first. He should've just fed me first."Let's go! Eat up!" I said, grabbing more food.We started eating. We were both a little mad at each othenow. With all the food they brought us, I felt like they weexecute me. But I didn't care, as long as there was a lot oFood is life, baby!There were times when Yuri would ask me questions whled to us chatting. Sometimes about Aries, about Mom, aKuya Angelo."Did Kuya Angelo ever have a girlfriend?" I asked and toglass of wine Yuri handed me."YhIthikI't"

 "Do you guys have any anger toward Kuya?" I asked innHe looked at me confused. "Why would you ask that?"I looked away. I raised my knees a little to hug them."B-because... I noticed that... that Keifer seemed to have him."He quickly drank the wine from his glass until it was emwater."Too much has happened between the five of us. I can't b being mad at Angelo. Especially after the day Percy disarefilled his glass.I watched him as he drank the wine, deeply serious, like remembering what happened back then."If you don't mind me asking... What happened?" I asked+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++Yuri's POVI looked at Jay-jay as she asked. Honestly, part of me wawere really starting to get better between us.Evenifit'sjustthefriendzone!

 ...My hands were shaking as I drank some water. It felt likeaccepting the medication the nurse gave me. But the truthwasn't accepting everything that had happened. It was all"Yuri," Hahaoya called me. "...Keifer is awake."Even though my legs and thighs were aching, I forced mroom where Keifer was confined.We had only been in the hospital for a day. Even though fractures, Hahaoya still decided to confine me.That accident was a nightmare.Keifer lost consciousness after being thrown out of the cup, and now he was about to learn the truth."Remove this thing from me!" Keifer ordered one of the even though he was clearly still dizzy.He was trying to pull out the IV needle attached to the ba"Keifer! Please! Stop! You need to rest!" Hahaoya scoldeHe calmed down a little. He was taking deep breaths. Thwhen he would hold his head because of the pain.

 "What the hell is going on? Why are we here?" he asked I wanted to explain it to him gently. But knowing Keifer,he didn't understand what was happening."Keifer----.""Where are Aries and Percy?"I swallowed hard when I heard Percy's name. I didn't kno"Keifer... Aries is in a private room on the next floor," I b"...P-per... Percy...""Yuri." His tone suddenly became serious.I knew he had an idea. It was so hard for me to tell him a"Percy is...." I suddenly felt numb in my throat. "...Percyfrom my eye. "...is d-dead."I didn't hear anything from Keifer. I took a deep breath totears. He just stared at me, like he wasn't processing wha"This is a joke, right? Is Percy messing around again? Drtoo. I'll make him pay later," he said, genuinely annoyed you tell me his room number? I'll visit him later."Icouldn'tanswerIdidn'tknowifheunderstoodwhatIs

 As I moved closer to help him, he quickly grabbed me by"Damn it, Yuri! You know how I hate unfunny jokes," heI removed his hand from my collar and matched his glare"This isn't a joke! Percy is dead."He grabbed his head again and sat down on the floor. I wa nurse or a doctor, but he grabbed the end of my hospita"W-what happened?" he asked gently."M-maybe we can talk about it later. You need to see a dhe grabbed my shoulder to help himself stand up."I don't care! I want to know what happened!" he shoutedI saw a mix of pain and anger in his eyes. I didn't want toHe needed to be checked. The pain he was feeling in his normal."Yuri!" He shouted, shaking me a little."K-keifer... The car fell..." I swallowed hard. "...and Perc

 Chapter 225: Friendship OYuri's POVContinuation ofFlashback...Keifer kept screaming in pain, repeatedly pulling at his h"We are waiting for the CT scan and MRI results. For nogiven him pain relievers, which should take effect in a fedoctor said to us."Thank you, Doc," Keiren responded."No problem. If you need anything or have any questionask."The doctor left the room. I sat there, staring at Keifer, whwrithing in pain.Hahaoya approached and sat next to me. "Yuri, do you wyour room? You need to rest.""Watashi wa koko ni tomaritai." (I would like to stay her"Dakedo----."(But----)

 Keifer's screams gradually stopped until he finally fell assitting position, and suddenly, my legs and thighs ached But the pain I felt inside was worse."Keifer will be okay, right?" Keiren asked.I forced a smile. "Of course... It's Keifer after all."He stood up from the sofa and moved to sit beside me. Hwith sadness. They were still looking for Keigan, and nohappened to Keifer and me."I wish Kuya, Keigan was here," I heard Keiren whisperI ruffled his hair. "We're here for you and your brother."We talked for a while until we both fell asleep. I only womovement in the room.When I opened my eyes, I saw Keifer sitting on the edge bed, staring blankly. His eyes were lifeless. Slowly, I stoapproached him."Keifer... Is something hurting you? I'll laugh----.""Yuri..." He cut me off. "...Do you still remember anythinaccident?"

 "How is Aries?" He asked again.The truth is, I haven't visited Aries. Only Angelo has beeand he told me not to visit him yet. He still wasn't talking be good for us to see him right now, as he might think w"I'm not sure, but Angelo said he's alright."Suddenly, Keifer stood up and pulled out the IV again. Hout. I tried to follow him, but my thighs hurt.Just as I stepped out the door, Hahaoya arrived. She lookfull of concern as she looked at me."Yuri----.""Please... Could you check on Keiren first? I'll follow KeI didn't wait for her response. Even though each step hurtcatch up with Keifer. I reached the elevator just as he ent"Where is Aries's room?" he asked seriously."You have to rest, Keifer! What do you need from him?!He didn't respond. He just pressed the button for the floowere. I didn't know what he was planning to do. I couldnmovements.

 One of the nurses picked up the phone and dialed a numbshe was planning to call security. I quickly walked over tKeifer."Let's visit him later. Maybe he's still---.""I don't f*cking care!""Sir! Please calm down!" a nurse tried to intervene."Just tell me his f*cking room!""Keifer! Enough!"Just as several nurses were about to approach, someone gslammed him back against the wall.We all froze. Angelo had no reaction, but Keifer glared a"What do you think you're doing?" Angelo asked authoriKeifer quickly shoved him away. "Where's Aries? I just wAngelo looked away, and I think he was staring at Aries'"He's resting. Come back another day," he quickly respoHe was about to push Keifer away, but Keifer blocked hi

 They quickly pointed to a room not far from where we wthem headed there, and I followed. As the door closed..."Damn it! What were you thinking?! You get too much aangrily said to Keifer."I want to know what happened! Why did Percy just disaAngelo looked at me as if questioning why I hadn't said a probably wondering why I wasn't speaking. I didn't wantdidn't want it to come from me."The car fell----.""I already know about that!" He cut Angelo off."...I just want to know why you did nothing!""We did something." I interrupted. "...We requested a ressearch for---.""What rescue mission?! Are you telling me there's no deahow can you make a conclusion if there's no body foundnearly dark with anger."The car was found... My car, to be exact. The car you toyour foolishness!" Angelo's glare matched Keifer's. "...B body inside. With the force of the river current and how hikldhidh?!hikif

 It felt like something was punching my heart. It's so hardhard to think that he even called me for a picture while inthe accident happened."Aries clearly saw how the car fell----.""And he didn't do anything?!""Keifer!" I shouted at him."I know you're f*cking devastated right now. But you neYou weren't in that situation, so you don't know how harget Percy out of that car!" Angelo took a deep breath. "...make it out himself. So think about how he must have feI agreed with what Angelo was saying, but at this point, Kclosed off to accepting any explanation."Aries and Percy were in the car together?"It felt like a bucket of cold water had been thrown at me looked at Angelo, and I almost wanted to shout at him anwas wrong about. No one spoke. One word from any of us and Keifer wou bomb. I didn't take my eyes off Angelo, and he did the sa"Were they together in the car?!" he asked again.

 "Go after Keifer!" I shouted, and he did.I rested for a moment before heading out completely. I w but I could hear Keifer screaming. He was furious, and hechoed. Even the nurses were panicking.People were peeking out of other rooms, clearly disturbeoutburst. When I reached Aries's room, Angelo was holdwho was desperately trying to break free.Aries was on the floor, his face covered in blood."Percy died because of you! You let him die!" Keifer yel"Stop it, Keifer!" Angelo shouted, still trying to pull him"I WILL NEVER FVCKING FORGIVE YOU!"I saw Angelo struggling to hold him back. Soon, several and tried to intervene. One of the nurses injected Keifer wOnly a few seconds passed, and Keifer began to weaken.lost consciousness. I just stood there, watching them.I looked at my friends who had been with me through alllife. I looked at the friendship we had, which seemed to b because of the death of one of us.ItdtliIdid'tdthifth

 "The mess got worse because of the issue with Ella and tin the cafeteria," Yuri added.That's also the reason why Section E couldn't go to the ca"His mind is really narrow," I said somewhat annoyed. "right! He wasn't there, he didn't see what happened! Whyon Aries?!""I can't blame Keifer."I looked at her confused. "Why?""Because that's what he's been doing to himself for a lon blaming himself for not being there and for being unconsfriend was dying." he sighed and set down his glass. "...Hthat. When something goes wrong, he blames himself. Hhappened because he wasn't there."he said he believes he could've prevented what happenedthere."How do you know that?""He tells me. When we're smoking or drinking."I pouted. Their closeness was something else. It was likethey be gay?

 kicking, causing trouble one day."What did you feel when Percy showed up?" I asked aga"Different things. Shock, happiness, sadness, anger... thrword almost in a whisper.I understood. They told me that when they found out he whe planned on getting revenge, and maybe I would be hisBut like Percy said, he wasn't that kind of person. He wafelt like something pierced my heart.Here we go again... It's like a cycle. It keeps running in mover."Are you okay, Jay?" Yuri asked, bringing me back to rea"O-yeah... I just feel something in my stomach.""Maybe you have an upset stomach. You eat too much," I frowned. "Have you ever been hit in the face by a plateI asked sarcastically while holding a plate near me. "Wanhe chuckled and gave a peace sign. he should thank his gshame if a plate hit his face. But it would be even more oplatewereshiny

 style.The effort was incredible.It took a few hours before we thought about heading homused utensils and plates behind, telling his staff to clean uI hugged the bouquet of flowers while we walked back to"Thanks for dinner. I missed eating sushi," I said and ligharm.The sushi was really the only thing I liked out of everythhe winced and rubbed his arm. "Welcome. Let's go, I'll dstill a long trip."I nodded and got in the car. While on the road, I heard mseveral times. I grabbed it from my bag and checked.I had messages from Kuya Angelo and GagongBaliw. I omessage first because he had also called me.From: Kuya AngeloMessage:Where are you? Why aren'tyouanswering your phone?

 From: GagongBaliwMessage:    Are you busy?From: GagongBaliwMessage:   Ireally wanted totalk toyou.From: GagongBaliwMessage:Can Icallyou?From: GagongBaliwMessage:C'mon, Iwantto hear your voice.From: GagongBaliwMessage:Where are you?

    Jasper Jean."Who are you texting?" Yuri asked.I paused for a moment before putting my phone back in "Kuya... He's looking for me," I answered.he nodded, accepting my response. I don't know why, bushouldn't tell him that I was texting GagongBaliw. I didn big part of me wanted to keep that a secret.I wanted to be the one to find out who he was."Have you talked to your Kuya about... the cancellation oengagement?" he asked uncertainly."Not yet," I answered in almost a whisper."He didn't say anything?""Nothing.""He's not going to lecture you, is he?" he said with a smi"...He even thanked us."I furrowed my brows at what he said. He thanked me? Fosoundsweird

 Kuya Angelo is so handsome. I really love him!"R-really? He said that?"he nodded while still looking at the road. "The truth is, Agiving us other business proposals for a while. Ones thatmarriage. But I told Tanda not to accept them."My smile faded, and I felt like slapping the person I was thing it suddenly hit me that it was all in the past. We weanymore.Calm down, calm down."You really did that? You're crazy," I said, slightly annoyhe laughed a bit, like he didn't care about what he did. helucky stars that I'm full right now. Otherwise, I would'veI went silent as I suddenly remembered something. Kuyathe other day and how miserable he looked."Wh-what about the partnership between Kuya's companthere still hope for that?" I asked.I could see the sadness on his face, even though his attenthe road. At that moment, I had a hunch about what his a"I'JTddid'tllttildi

 a girlfriend.Our trip took a while because of how far it was. It was 9 finally got to the house. I didn't let him drop me off at thelate.I was still holding onto the bouquet of flowers Yuri gavehouse. The lights in the living room were off, but there wstairs. I was about to head straight to my room when sudturned on.Kuya Angelo was sitting on the sofa, holding a glass withon the table in front of him. He was staring at me serious"What time is it?" he asked, lifelessly.Hmm... time to sleep?"9 pm," I answered in almost a whisper.His gaze shifted to the bouquet of flowers I was holding.down and slowly stood up."Who gave you that?" he asked as he walked towards meI stepped back. "I-it's from...""From Keifer?"

 "Is he the reason you don't want to marry Yuri?" He pokeagain. "...Is he the one you like? You'd rather choose somLatak?So that's how he sees me. I admit, it hurt when he said thLatak—like the waste of society, like the youth with no fSuddenly, he grabbed the bouquet from me. My tears felsurprise. I was scared of how Kuya was acting.He stared at the flowers for a moment before throwing thThe petals exploded into the air. He wasn't satisfied, thouthem around on the floor.He turned to face me and pointed his finger at me. "Stay You're stupid! Yuri gave me that.I didn't wait for him to say anything else. I quickly ran tolocked the door. I wiped my tears away.I didn't know why Kuya was acting like that, but all the hearlier when Yuri told me Kuya didn't want me to get maIt was replaced by fear.I didn't understand Kuya.

 Chapter 226: GiftJay-jay's POVTurns out Boy Bawang's breath is really stinky. Or is my bad?Eww... Didn't he brush his teeth?Idiot! You call yourself conscious, but you don't even kntooth. Yep, singular. I brushed one tooth.I went to school with an empty stomach. I didn't have breand I was planning to buy something at the Mini Mart, buon my side. My allowance was almost gone, and I needeI had no choice but to go to Tom Jones. But heaven was When I walked in, there was food on my table. I wasn't p but my stomach took over.What a great breakfast!I had no choice but to eat it. Whoever the sneaky person on my table, I'm thanking you for the first time."Hey!CanIhavesome?"Ci-Nsaidashegrabbedsome

 I squinted my eyes at him. Why do I feel like I don't trustguy has lied to me before, and I wouldn't be surprised if h"Are you being honest?"He took a bite before speaking. "Honestly, no... But—" H before continuing. "...But I overheard them. They said thyou just like what we did with Yuri. So this is probably ocourting you."Woo me?! Just like that?!What do they think, that I'll just give in so easily? I gave  because, aside from courting me, they admitted their misPestilential Dimunyung Snakes?! They walk around withwhen they face me.And they think they can just woo me like that?! No way! No amount of snacks from all of the Philippines will makthese idiots.Ci-N stood up and went to the back to get water from theasked for some since my stomach pain was acting up agaI have a sickness... Tamaritis! Only lazy people get this! Sir Alvin arrived, so I was forced to clean up the mess onclass started, and things went back to normal between Ci

 I shifted my gaze to Yuri, who was writing at the momenfocused, his eyes fixed on the board. He looked so cool w but then he's actually a nerd.I turned my attention back to the front and pretended to lthough I wasn't really paying attention. The class ended, us to review since the fourth exam is coming next monthAfter that, the Post-Final exam. That's when we'll know igraduate or not. Why is there even such a thing? What if exams but fail that one? Then you don't graduate? That mWhile we were waiting for the next teacher, we heard noroom. Denzel, who was by the window, peered outside."Section D," he said.The Snakes were about to stand up to go see Section D wsomeone threw a firecracker inside our room.The so-called Judas' Cracker. We were all startled, and fewhen we saw the fuse lit. We quickly covered our ears asafter another.The smoke quickly filled the room. We all rushed to the bget away from the firecrackers.Ci-N kept shouting, but I couldn't hear what he was sayin

 I looked at David, noticing that he was still slouched oveasleep. I don't know if he's numb or something, but he dihear the explosions."HEY! DAVID!" I shouted, but the firecrackers were stil"David! He's probably dead!" Ci-N screamed into my eaI flinched, almost getting sprayed with his saliva. That wThis guy has rabies, too!Since David wasn't moving in his seat, I threw a noteboohim. A sample hit to the head.He moved and started coughing. He probably had troublof the smoke. He stood up and took off the headphones fSo that's why he didn't wake up. He couldn't hear the noiHe looked around, searching for us. When he saw us hudhe quickly approached."What happened?! Where did that come from?!" he askeSuddenly, Ci-N jumped on his back while repeatedly sho"THEY'RE ATTACKING US, IT'S TERRORISTS! WE'

 We looked behind us when we heard something fall.The water dispenser fell over as Blaster tried to grab the It still had plenty of water, so he struggled at first. He liftstrength and threw it at the firecracker in front.Only a few seconds passed, and the explosions stopped. soaked."They're dead! Let's get out of here!" Eman shouted, andwe did.Yuri helped me stand and supported me as we made our We were all catching our breath. Some of us were almost"What's with you?! Get off!" David said irritably as he troff his back."I'm not getting off! I'm staying here on your back!"Crazy! What's so special about David's back? A house?We just shook our heads. Even after everything that happenergy to tease. Meanwhile, we were all struggling to breGood thing Blaster quickly came up with a plan.

 I clenched my fists. Will this guy ever stop? Kuya Angelhim cry, but he hasn't learned a thing.Suddenly, someone threw a piccolo firecracker, and we awhile dodging it. They laughed like they were having theat how we looked."David! They're terrorists!" Ci shouted as he shook Davi"Stop it! I can see!" David replied, irritated.Where is Ci-N getting all this energy from? And why dooff David's back? It would be fine if he wasn't so heavy.The effect of Boy Bawang or the smoke, maybe!"Can you just leave?!" Rory shouted angrily."Big talk! Don't act tough! Keifer's not here!" Mykel boa"Even if Keifer's not here, we'll still fight you!" Kit retor"What are you waiting for? Let's fight!" one of Mykel's gThe Snakes were about to charge, but suddenly, Sir AlvinHe was with some teachers."SectionE!Areyouallokay?"heaskedus"Someone

 "We didn't... It was Mykel's group who did it," Edrix ans"Why would they do that?" another male teacher interrupJosh answered, "Why wouldn't they do it?"The teachers exchanged glances, except for Sir Alvin. That each other made it clear they were taking sides. The toand the looks—they all knew.They knew what was going on."Did anyone get hurt?" Sir asked again.The Snakes exchanged glances, waiting to see who woulWhen they realized no one would, Rory answered."No one—" He was cut off by Ci-N's sudden interruption"There is!" he screamed, still sitting on David's back."...My heart hurts! I'm broken-hearted! Rakki ignored meSir just scratched his head. He was used to Ci-N's antics,to explain further."If anyone's hurt, go to the clinic for treatment," Sir said toourroom

 I looked at David and noticed he was pale. Ci-N was chowhile screaming.I slapped the little rascal hard on the arm. He glared at m"My feelings are hurt!" he screamed in my face."You're choking David!"He panicked and quickly let go of David, jumping off hisgasping for air."You'll get your turn with me," he whispered to Ci-N.The little rascal just grinned and gave a peace sign. The rwent back inside, and we followed. Eman grabbed the gasome water left and returned it to the dispenser that Kit a"Looks like Section D really exploded! And now, they'reFelix said angrily.The firecracker went on for so long. There was still almoEren took it and went out of the room, but before he coulstopped him."Don't throw it away yet. I have an idea for it," he said, aspreading across his face."H!Whtiddh?"Ilddhi

 "Like it's that easy!" Mayo replied irritably."It's easy. You're just scared," Eren teased, and Mayo anghe was holding."What did you say?!" he shouted, ready to charge, but Dquickly stepped in between them."Enough! Stop!""You're going to fight now?""Stop, stop!""Get away from each other!" Calix yelled at them.They did what he said but exchanged sharp glares as if thother.They really couldn't control their tempers.After cleaning, we all went our separate ways. It seemedteachers were going to check on us, so Eman decided to While they were casually talking, I took out my phone. I from GagongBaliw, but he wasn't my focus.I texted Percy to bring me lunch. I wasn't planning on rephappenedyesterdayWhatdotheythinkofme?ThatI'm

 Ugh! I'm totally infected with the Snakes' dead guts menBut I won't give in. I won't eat here! Even if Eman make"Let's eat, Jay!" Ci said.I stared at him. "I have something to ask you to do.""What is it?" he asked with a smile as he came closer.I whispered to him. "Get food for me but don't give it to He scratched his head, looking confused. "Huh?""Just get it... Don't let anyone know, then bring it to our hHe nodded slowly. "Okay."Perfect! My intelligence really kicks in when food is invJust as Eman finished cooking, the bell rang. It was lunchup to go out, but Felix immediately blocked my way."Eat here," he said with a smile.I shook my head. "I texted Percy. He's on his way.""Come on, just—"

 Automatically, I looked toward the farthest room where tformer Section E were displayed. No one else could open that room because Keifer had theit with Yuri, but Yuri was in the room.I approached the room and tried to feel if anyone was insturning the doorknob, but it was locked. I even knocked,might open the door.Weird! But I definitely heard a door close.I shrugged it off. Maybe it was the door from our room thshut too hard. I walked towards our hangout spot near thI got there, Ci-N arrived, but he was empty-handed."Where is it?" I asked irritably.He pointed his chin toward the bottom of the stairs, and wFelix was coming up carrying two plates, one with rice afood.What the heck?!This was exactly why I sent him there—so no one wouldme.I specifically told him not to make it obvious.

 Ci-N looked at me innocently, then grabbed the two platehim. Felix smiled at me again before turning to leave.Before he could go down, I stopped him. He looked at m"Don't tell any of the other Snakes about this," I warned, He just winked back in response.Tsk! So cocky...Ci-N started eating, and when I looked back at him, he whis food to even acknowledge me.Since there were no more distractions, I started eating asA little while later, Percy arrived. He smiled at me, but hchanged to a grimace when he saw Ci-N ignoring him."Why is he here?" he whispered to me while handing meIt was takeout from a fast food place. I took it from him afront of us."I asked him to bring it. Let's eat," I said, but he shook hi"I already ate at home."IwatchedhisfacecloselyHelookedsopalebutwastry

 Ci-N suddenly stopped eating. "Is there a storm? The wininnocently.Percy immediately shot him a nasty look. "Yeah, there's careful, alright? The wind might blow you away, you're sCi returned the glare. "Don't brag too much or the wind w"When did my good looks become arrogance?!""Every time you say it!""You're just jealous! I'm way better looking than you!"Ci looked at his face as if inspecting it. "Where exactly? "Short and blind, too!""Ugly and arrogant!"Instead of stopping them, I just watched. I'd rather focus these two are together, they always make a scene.Go ahead, keep at it, you two!After eating, I excused myself to go to the restroom. I lefSince it was lunchtime, there were people inside when I "Aren'ttheycomingin?"

 It seems like the girls left. I quickly finished washing myout of the restroom. I noticed some students staring at sowalking away.I looked too, and I saw Mykel's group heading out of theI wonder what that was about?I shrugged and went back to our building. I was on the stPercy."Where's Ci-N?" I asked."Why are you asking me?"I looked at him confused. "What? You're together, right?"He followed you! He said the wind was with me, so he Oh crap! But I didn't...—the group of Mykel.My heart suddenly started beating faster. Fear took over couldn't understand it, but I had a bad feeling something I ran toward the school gate, but they were gone. I tried tthey weren't there either. I went up to the guard who wasat his cellphone."Heydidyouseethegroupofstudentsleaveearlier?"I

 It felt like I was doused with cold water. What are they pCi-N? What are they going to do? Don't they plan on stopWait for me, Ci! I'll find you.

 Chapter 227: BloodJay-jay's POV"Isn't there anything faster we can do?!" I asked, panicki"I can speed up the car, but if we don't know where we'reuseless!" Percy replied, frustrated.I didn't know where we were anymore. We'd been drivinschool for a while. I knew they couldn't have gone too fathey take Ci-N?"Call your classmates! You'll find the kid faster with theiI shook my head. "I don't have my phone! I left it in my bI didn't go back to the room. I ran out of the school, and IPercy had followed me.He stopped me and asked what was going on. I told him had Ci-N, and I had a bad feeling about it. He immediatehis car to search, but up to now, we still couldn't find the"Use this phone—" He didn't finish his sentence.

 We almost both lurched forward because of the sudden s"Aaaarrrrrgggghhh..." He groaned as if something was hWhat the hell?! What's happening?!I was terrified! I didn't understand what was going on wihim, and it seemed like he couldn't move. His fingers welegs were rigid."P-Percy!"His eyes were closed, and sweat was dripping off him, evconditioning was on in the car.I grabbed my hair in frustration. I didn't know what to do"P-Percy..." I called out, my voice trembling. "...I-I'll askI unbuckled my seatbelt and was about to get out of the csuddenly spoke."D-Don't..." Even speaking was a struggle. "...G-Go... loHe wanted me to leave him and go after Ci-N. I shook m"I can't leave you like this!"Iwascompletelyconfused!Ididn'tknowwhattodoany

 "Leave... I-I can... still... handle it!"I wiped the tears from my eyes. "I'm not leaving you!"He stared at me like he was frustrated that I wasn't listenstayed like that for a while, and then he took a deep breat"I-I can... handle it." He whispered. "...I-I'll... call... for hBut what if he can't ask for help?!"I'll ask for help first... Then I'll go look for Ci-N."I tried to grab his phone, but I couldn't find where it wentouch my arm."Go!" He shouted, pushing me. "...G-Go find... the kid!""Percy, please!"He pushed me again. "I-I'll... ask... for help! Go!"Tears that I had been holding back finally fell. I didn't wa but I had to find Ci-N. I opened the car door and got out.I looked back at Percy, and he tried to smile at me. It wasme that he would be okay. I nodded at him and closed thIquicklywipedmytearsawayItrustedPercyIfhesaid

 I was about to cross when I saw two students across the sfrom HVIS too, because of their uniforms. I looked at thethen realized they were from Section D.I quickly crossed the street and almost got hit by a car. Tloudly, and the attention of the two Section D students wIt looked like they recognized me because they suddenlyYou're in trouble when I catch up with you! Raaawwrrr!"Dammit!" I shouted at them.The idiots turned into a corner. People they passed quickwas starting to get exhausted from chasing them.I slowed down, and the two took that opportunity to slip They probably thought I didn't see them. Before I reachegrabbed a trash bin drum that was empty. It was smelly—I could see them resting with their backs against the wallhesitation, I threw the trash can at them. One of them evetrying to avoid it."You bastards! You made me suffer!" I angrily said as I kthe floor.ThthtidtibtIiklbbdhi

 I stepped on the face of the one lying on the ground. "Yo"A-argh! It hurts! It hurts!" he screamed.I turned to the other one. I slammed his face into the walI didn't remove my foot from the other one's face."Argh! Argh! Stop! It hurts!" he screamed."WHERE IS CI-N?!""H-he's with Mykel!" the one on the floor answered.Oh, I know! Of course! Would I be attacking you if you wto Mykel?!I pressed my foot harder into his face. "Where?""Aaaaaarghhh!" he screamed, crying.I then focused on the one with his face slammed into the face even harder into it."Go kiss that wall!" I yelled at him. "Where is that MykeHis face and the wall were almost one. His nose was presthe wall he could barely speak. I slightly pulled his face achancetotalk

 The gate was covered with plants and rust. Behind it washouse. I was about to open the gate and charge in when smy mouth and arms."We've got a guest!" the person holding me said, laughinDamn it!They opened the gate and dragged me closer to Mykel. I a few times, but it was pointless. I knew there was more holding me.Mykel was smiling as I was brought closer. He threw aw"Look who's here!" he said and even brought his face cloknew you'd come."I wanted so badly to land a punch on his face, but their gtight."Inside," he ordered, pointing to the house behind him.Shit!I tried to pull my arms away, but they pulled me into the struggle, one of them let go of my mouth."Dammit! Where is Ci-N?!" I screamed, but all they did 

 When I got closer, I saw his condition. His nose was bleeof his eyes and forehead were starting to turn black. He huniform was dirty."Ci-N!" I screamed and tried to approach, but they held mof me!"I heard the door slam shut. It echoed throughout the houssize and weight."Help him up," Mykel's voice came from behind me.They helped Ci-N stand, but he quickly knelt down againI felt defeated seeing him like this. It was clear that they make sure he couldn't fight back."Ci..." I called out to him.I lowered my head as he forced a smile. It hurt me to seeSuddenly, someone grabbed my chin and forcefully lifte"Look at him." Mykel ordered while walking closer to C"...Look at him closely because this will happen to your cWithout warning, he punched Ci-N in the stomach. Ci-Ncollapsed, but because they were holding him, he remain

 I felt three fingers graze my thigh. The idiots surrounding"Stop it! You idiot!" I shouted as I tried to struggle."Tell me..." Mykel whispered to me. "...Has Keifer tasted"Get away from me!"My heart felt like it was about to explode with anxiety. Mcould barely breathe. Tears were already welling up."Let go of me!""Bastard!" Mykel called out to Ci-N and they forced him"...watch what we're going to do to your friend!"Aaaaghhh! Damn it!What had only brushed against my thigh earlier was nowsquirmed like a fish out of water. The hand was moving uinching up my skirt."She's wearing a cycling short!" one of them said in disap Next time, I'll wear briefs so it won't be embarrassing for"It's okay..." Mykel didn't finish what he was about to say

 I punched one of them, but he avoided it. I seized the chahis neck, quickly kneeing him in the stomach. A few othe but I dealt with them with punches and kicks.Before the others could get close, I charged at Mykel, whstanding up, wiping his lips. I punched him and followedchest. He fell, clearly weakened. He even coughed a fewI got my revenge on you!I glanced at Ci-N and saw him leaning against a post. Heup and smiled. I then noticed the man behind him, who wat me, when suddenly something hard hit my head.I was thrown back from the force. Everything seemed to felt disoriented by what I was seeing. The ground felt unI closed my eyes and felt something wet on my head. Sommy own blood, was dripping."JAY-JAY!" I heard Ci-N shout.My head throbbed with pain.For a few minutes, I didn't move from where I lay. It feltsomething heavy on my body, preventing me from stand"Should I finish her off?" I heard one man say.

 I knew what it was, but I didn't want to look at it. I wasn'more than that, Ci needed me. If I let the fear of blood ta be like before, when we were attacked by Rory."Hey! The chick's still alive!" one of them shouted.They looked at me, then at Ci-N. Some of them were amwas furious.We need to get out of here! Why do I feel like I'm gettingI'm not weak. Not now, not when it's all about to end. CaI give in to weakness? I won't let someone like you weakOne of them approached and was about to grab me, but Ichest with all my strength. The others got alarmed and ba"F*ck! Still got strength? Didn't you hit her hard enoughMykel said to the guy holding the pipe.Charge already! You talk too much.I raised my arm, ready to face their charge, but that was awhole arm was covered in blood from my head injury. Ewas turning red.I started to breathe heavily. My knees buckled, and my leheart was pounding relentlessly.

 "You're useless!"   "Justa freeloader!"   "What are you waiting for?! Charge already!" Mykel shoI opened my eyes. For the first time, I was grateful for wdo to these people. I looked at my palm, which was coveIf this is the only way we can survive...Blood tastes so good!I had my fingers in my mouth. I felt like a vampire, thirstcounted just a few seconds, and soon my body started mosomeone else.And everything went dark.

 Chapter 228: L.Q.Jay-jay's POVJay-jay's POVIt's so noisy. It sounds like there's some kind of argumencan also hear someone singing. They're so loud, and evensleep, I can't because of the noise. What an inconveniencannoying!I opened my eyes, and the annoying Snakes were the firs"Why are you so loud!" I said, irritated."Hey, you're awake!""Wide awake!""How are you, Jay?"I frowned. This was the first time I saw people greeting mmouths were full of food. It was even worse that they wetheir hands and still chewing."Canyoumoveaway?Youlooksougly!It'smakingme

 around my head.Why is this happening? What's going on—Ci-N!That's when everything came back to me. Why I was in twhy my hands were wrapped. Ci, Mykel, and the chandeI looked at the Snakes. I searched for the face of that brathim."Where's Ci-N?" I asked, worried.David answered. "He's in the other room. He's fine, that kI breathed a sigh of relief. I was so worried about what hI closed my eyes and leaned back on the bed. Thank goohappened to him.I tried to recall the events before I ended up in the hospitsomething was missing... like I couldn't remember everyI opened my eyes, and Yuri was the first person I saw. Happle."Who brought us to the hospital?" I asked, and he looked before going back to what he was doing."Wedid"

 I frowned. "I just woke up. How could I have asked that?He stopped eating the apple and stared at me, confused."Jay... You were awake earlier while they were all still aseven staring blankly before speaking."Yuri and I stared at each other for a long time, both confuwas happening. I couldn't remember being awake at all. Iremember what happened after—blood!"Yuri... C-could you take me to Ci-N?" I urgently asked."Why? Is something wrong?""B-because... because..."How do I tell him that thing has come back? That thing thappening to me. The thing I've been trying to avoid for It's so scary!We heard a knock on the door. We all looked at the door Tita Gema appeared, smiling."How are you all?" she greeted the Snakes and me."We're fine, Tita." Eren answered with a smile."ThankyouforthefoodTita"Denzelsaid

 "Thank you. Good thing you're here to help take care of as she placed the paper bag she was carrying on the tablefood."Hey, what's this, Tita? It looks good." Drew said as he sthe paper bag."That's adobo. Help yourselves." Tita replied, walking toare you feeling?""I'm fine, Tita." I looked at the Snakes who were eating bare there so many foods?"She looked at the Snakes behind her and smiled before fa"Since they brought you here yesterday, they haven't gonI brought them food." She explained.Yesterday? That means I've been unconscious for a wholI looked at Yuri. "You've been here since yesterday?" I anodded. "...Then you haven't showered?"They all froze. Tita was confused by their reaction. Evenrice cake in his mouth, stopped."It's okay. We're used to not showering." Mayo replied qusmack on the head from Josh.

 "I'm asking because you didn't answer.""I'm sorry, Tita.""Maybe you're hungry," Yuri interjected.Tita Gema laughed. "Maybe. But you can't eat yet."What do you mean I can't eat?!My eyes widened as I looked at Tita Gema and Yuri."A-are you serious?"Tita Gema adjusted the pillow behind me, still laughing a"We still need to wait for the doctor's instructions. We caWhaaaattt????!!!Why is that? There's so much food in front of me, and I'meat? Why? This is so unfair!"But why?""That's what the doctor said."I turned to Tita, almost teary-eyed. "But sometimes whatisn'ttrue."

 The Snakes thanked her before she completely left. Yuri took my hand."What were you saying earlier?"Oh, right!I looked at the Snakes. I didn't want to talk about those ththem."Maybe next time."His grip on my hand tightened, so I looked at it. I knew hI was thinking about something. I forced a smile and trie but the bandages got in the way.We stayed like that when I suddenly remembered Percy. widened."P-Percy? Where is Percy?"Felix, who was currently drinking Coke, looked at me."At home. Why?" he answered."Is he okay?" I asked, worried.Felix looked at me, puzzled. "Of course. Why wouldn't h

 I looked at David, but he just shrugged and continued eatsame. I decided to put off what was bothering me in my mThere were times when Yuri would give me spoonfuls ofthirst. But all I wanted was food.Food! Food! Food!In the afternoon, the Snakes decided to go home. They wanything here but eating. Only David and Yuri stayed behAs soon as the others left, Yuri's phone rang, and he told answer it before stepping outside.I looked at David, who was busy with his phone."Hey David!" I called out, annoyed. "...What happened t"He's at home, resting," he answered, bored."Is he okay?" I asked, concerned.David stared at me with confusion. "Yeah, of course. Wh"Because when we—""He was here earlier." David cut me off again.Hisgazewasdifferentlikehewaswarningmenottotal

 Yuri occasionally gave me water to ease my thirst, but alwas food.Food! Food! Food!In the afternoon, the Snakes finally decided to go home. doing nothing but eating the whole time. Only David and behind.After they left, Yuri's phone rang, and he excused himselstepped outside.David casually put his phone down, and it seemed like hnow. "Percy's in a bad situation."I stared at him, waiting for him to explain. "After the accspine was badly damaged. He can't walk and is almost pamom's been doing everything to help him."I gripped the blanket tightly. "She spent so much money who could cure Percy.""But didn't he get better? I see him here with us now.""Not completely. There's a side effect. His spine suddenlcauses paralysis in parts of his body."I remembered what Percy looked like in the car—how heihddhih

 "Is there a chance... is there a chance that...?" I couldn't f but it seemed like David understood what I was asking."Yes... There is a chance. A high risk."I covered my mouth with my hand. It felt like what Davireal. I hoped it was just a joke, and I would help him lauggiven a new sibling, but it felt like he was going to be taktoo."...That's also one of the reasons why his mother doesn't  back here." He added.I couldn't hold back my tears anymore. They just fell on David to panic and rush to me."Hey! Don't cry. Don't think about anything. Percy's strowiping my tears away."It's just so unfair... So, so unfair," I said, breaking into sDavid hugged me while patting my shoulder. Why does always come with a price? I was given a father, but I couwas given a sibling, but I wasn't accepted. I was given a nseemed like he was going to be taken away from me too.teased me with food I couldn't eat."I'm not dead yet, and you're already crying for me?"

 "You're so annoying!" I said as he came closer. "...If my  bandaged, I'd punch you."He smiled widely. "Good thing there's a bandage. My goruined."David suddenly stood up and walked over to the air condit feel like the wind got stronger, but it's still on number 5He must have felt the storm too."Is there a problem, David?" Percy asked sarcastically. "don't like the wind."David laughed before leaving the room. After the door shme. I wanted to hit him, but I was afraid I might hurt my "Why didn't you tell me?" I asked, my voice breaking. ".it's because you didn't want me to worry. That's bullshit!He didn't respond, just stared at me, so I continued ventin"It's so unfair... I thought I had someone on my side. I thosomeone to lean on. But why does it feel like it's only temit feel like they're going to take it all away from me?" Mycan I keep going when, every passing moment, you coulme? What am I supposed to do? Huh?! Answer me!"ldfiddl

 "I've already escaped death once, Jay. I'm ready to do it adoing it. Do you know why?" He asked, but I shook my hI'm handsome."Annoying! This guy is crazy!"Annoying!" I said angrily, slapping his chest, but he rem"I can't leave you. Especially you. I haven't even broughtyet. Just trust me, I'll live longer than you think." He smiyou'll even leave before me."I laughed at what he said, and for a moment, I felt lighterand hugged him.He hugged me back. "Just trust me. I won't disappear agaI nodded, and I knew he could feel it. I trusted him. I belileave us.We broke our hug, and only then did we notice the preselooked at the door, and there stood Yuri and David, both "We have to go." David said.Percy nodded at him before turning to me. "I'll be back toneed to deal with something.""OkStf"

 "It's fine."We talked for a while about what happened yesterday. I atell him that it happened again, but suddenly, I hesitated Around 7 PM, Mama arrived to watch over me. Yuri saidhe'd be back tomorrow.Since I still couldn't eat, I was still stuck with a spoonfuleat the spoon itself, I would, just so my stomach would h"Jay! Stop fighting! No university will accept you!" Mamwiped my face with a wet cloth.As if I wanted to fight."Are you even listening?!" She asked, irritated."Yes," I answered lifelessly.After cleaning me up, she arranged my bed so I could lieface the wall so I could fall asleep quickly. The light wasa lot of things around me. My eyes kept moving, and I coMama probably noticed that I couldn't sleep, so she turneopened the curtains a little to let some light in from outsiBefore long, I fell asleep on my own, probably because Itlithti

 "Mom! Don't you hear—" I couldn't finish what I was saMama wasn't in her seat.Wait, I was alone?I heard the knock again."Who's there?!" I shouted, but no one answered.I heard the door handle turning. Slowly, the door crackedfrom outside poured in.I noticed something peeking through the gap. I started tocould open the door wide and come in, but they didn't."Is anyone there?" I asked, my voice trembling.The figure disappeared from the crack. I waited for a fewwondering if someone would enter, but no one did. I wasand close the door when the door creaked open slowly.But why was no one there?!Suddenly, I remembered what Josh and Mayo were talkinThey were joking around, saying there was a little girl wmy bed.I swallowed hard. I was sweating despite the air conditiobkdibdtiihdiithid

 I was praying all the prayers I knew when I heard the dooshaking, though it wasn't from the cold. I felt every bit ofas I heard the screeching of metal.It sounded like a wheel lacking oil, or a rusty door.The sound came closer and closer to me. My heart was pcould barely hear anything else until..."Here she is."

 Chapter 229: Video callJay-jay's POVI ALMOST FELL! I almost fell off the bed. If it weren't I almost pulled my lungs out from shouting loudly. A fewmy room. I even got scolded by a doctor because of the cAnd it's all Ci-N's fault!"You idiot!" I said in annoyance as the nurse left. "...I almattack because of you! Why didn't you just come in rightHe just laughed while scratching his head. I wanted to kihe was sitting on so he would fly away. So that was the s"The connection keeps cutting off," he said while pointinwas holding. "...the connection was lost again. I'm still winternet."I really thought it was a ghost peeking at me and openingcursed in every language I didn't even know because of h"What the hell is this? Can't it wait until tomorrow?" I sa

 While waiting for the internet connection to come back, talking."Do you know what happened to Mykel and where he isHe looked at me seriously. "He escaped. Didn't anyone teBrother Angelo is looking for him now?"I shook my head. "N-no, no one told me."The idiot escaped."Your brother was really angry yesterday when he saw yemergency room unconscious. He thought we were the oI understand my brother. Especially since Mykel was theto me, while that idiot has backed down."Mykel is really a pest."He nodded while typing on his laptop keyboard. I got cuseemed so busy."Is the internet back?"He looked at me and smiled. "No.""Then what are you doing?"

 "Jay... Help me here," said Ci.I got up and looked at him. He took the small rolling tabl bed so patients can eat. He put the laptop on it and arrangCi-N slowly stood up from the wheelchair and sat besideover because he was squeezing in. He placed the table necontinued typing on his laptop."Help me with what I'm playing," he added.All I saw on his laptop screen were letters, and it seemedwords to get extra points.Since we were still waiting for the internet connection, I "Here..." I pointed to the screen. "...Stars.""Where else?""Here... House.""Another word. Something with double O."I almost buried my face in the monitor just to find the woabout."Here! Here! Door!"

 I pinched him on the side. "I didn't even notice."We went back to what we were doing. Searching for mordouble O. We got so caught up in it and didn't notice the "That's a lot.""Not enough." He insisted, continuing to search. "Here! HBlood."I suddenly stopped. The events from the fight with Mykemy mind. But there was something missing. What happeAfter...Did I taste the blood?"Ci..." I called him. "...What happened after... After... I gowith the pipe?" I even touched the bandage on my head.He slowly turned to look at me. His eyes were serious, analmost incredulous about what I asked."You don't remember?"I shook my head. "I remember getting up and fighting wi but... When the blood touched my taste buds..."I took a deep breath. "...It was like everything just vanish

 "What--?" I couldn't finish what I was going to say becausound from Ci's laptop.He closed the game and clicked something on his laptop.opened, and the face of the person I didn't expect to see rIt would be more accurate to say that I had been expectindays.But of course, he left to give me space and handle his inhhope of seeing him.King of the Snakes.["What took you so long?!"] He asked Ci in an irritated tWhy does his voice sound different? It sounds so manly. because of the laptop's speaker. I observed his face, his hand it seemed like a little stubble was growing on his facHe looked even more handsome?"The connection kept getting lost." Ci-N answered him.I won't deny it, I missed this idiot. I missed his shameles —just, I missed him! Even though he messes with me, I ["Where the hell is she?"]

 I wiped away the tears I hadn't realized had fallen. My tekillers; they move in secret."N-not... I just got something in my eye," I explained.Ci narrowed his eyes. "I'm not stupid. You're crying, righ"...You're crying because you think I can't see you on theme fix it."Oh yes! That's really the reason. Such a waste, I'm too beannoying!You know, I want to slap my own face, but I can't becauson it. I don't know if he's really that dumb or just playingI lost my attention on Ci when I saw King Dimunyo lookseriously. I swallowed and quickly looked away. Even thfacing each other on the laptop, it felt like he was right in["Hey..."] He called me. "...How are you?""I'm fine, thank you," I quickly answered, sounding like I suddenly felt tense for an unknown reason. Keifer grab beside him and started pressing keys.["I need your complete statement about your experience  blood."] He said directly.

 His eyes were serious as they looked at me. ["I need youneed to understand what's happening to you. This is for yHe pressed more keys on what I assumed was the keyboaA tear fell from my eye, which I quickly wiped away befit.He stopped and looked at me. ["Jay-jay."] He called me, should speak.This is so frustrating! My heart is in turmoil again.I swallowed and cleared my throat to clarify my voice anin my throat."I don't remember what happened. All I know is that I lik blood and I wanted to taste it," I casually explained.["But you're scared of blood."]I slightly shook my head. "I can't explain it. Maybe if thefeel like someone might die. Also, that's what happens tomight happen again, so I avoid seeing blood.""So you're afraid of your period?" Ci innocently asked.I grimaced, and Keifer slapped his own forehead, somethdo to myself for a while now.

  before he spoke again.["Ci-N... I need your statement."]"Okay..." He started cheerfully. "...Here's the thing! I follthe bathroom. I didn't want to be with Percy. Then I bumthe----."["What I mean is....Argh!"] Keifer slapped his own face.It was obvious he was getting annoyed, but he was trying"Let's get to the part where I got up after being hit with thhe nodded.Talking to this annoying kid is really hard!"I didn't see everything clearly, but I remember..." He strthinking. "...Jay-jay got up like nothing was hurting her. which were lifeless, were staring at Mykel. She started chopponent, as if she was really angry."Keifer kept typing while I couldn't take my attention awawas saying."Then I saw Jay-jay's fist, all covered in blood. I didn't k blood or her enemy's. They fought, but he escaped whencompanions got up."

 Keifer looked at me and rested his elbow on the table, thfingers, his mouth almost covering his nose and chin.["Ci... Please leave us."] He ordered.Ci-N followed, slowly standing up and sitting in his whethe wheels and tried to push himself out of the room."Why did you send Ci-N out?" I asked him, a little irritat["I need to discuss something privately with you."] He to["Remember what you did to Ram?"]I nodded. I can't forget the first man who kidnapped me tKeifer. I knocked him down without even knowing how.["It's the same scenario. While I was trying to stop you, yme and repeatedly said something."]"No one will hurt me. I won't allow them to hurt me."I got goosebumps as those words naturally entered my m promise I would never break. My heart began to beat fas["Jay? Are you alright?"]"A-am I sick? Am I crazy? The kind of crazy that needs The kind that's dangerous to others?" I asked in a panic.

 "What if I do have something wrong?"["JASPER JEAN!"] He shouted at me like a tiger.If I was really face-to-face with him, I'd probably have bI closed my eyes, feeling frozen in place.I took a deep breath and kept staring at him. He was righthat I'm sick. I'm not crazy enough to be sent to a mental I'll just stay in the kitchen for now."Sorry. I got scared."["It's okay. We'll wait for what the doctor says."]I nodded. He looked at his wristwatch and then turned tofew times, I swallowed as our gazes met—even though ilaptop screen.["I have to go. Please take care of yourself and..."] He pafor what he was going to say next. ["...I miss you."]The video call suddenly ended. I just stared, blinking rapwhat I heard from him. A smile slowly formed on my lipI miss you too, idiot!

 He just laughed. I handed him the laptop so he wouldn't nhis wheelchair. We talked for a while about the mess thatMykel and the others.Where is that idiot now?He also said that the Snakes planned to get back at him. I before Kuya Angelo finds him, he'll be in trouble. Even thappened yet, I already feel sorry for his fate. Yes, he's mis too strong, and the Snakes have so many people."Look... Our classmates really went through a lot just to idiot." He said with a smile.I frowned. "What are you trying to say?""Nothing... I just hope—maybe—maybe you'll notice the"What if I don't want to?""You better. If they get mad...""What?! If they get mad, what?!"He grinned so widely that it almost showed his teeth. "ThI grabbed my pillow and threw it at him. It seemed like h by my playful attack. Where does this energy come from

 Ci scratched his head. "Y-yes. We were just talking abounow."He said his goodbyes, and I lay down, trying to force mycouldn't stop thinking about what Keifer had said.What if I really am sick? What should I do?

 Chapter 230: HomeJay-jay's POVMy hands were aching. I tried to crack my knuckles, but worse. The doctor said there was no problem, no fracturestill hurts.I was frustrated! Every time something like this happensget like this. I was currently on the sofa in the living roomhad just gotten back from the hospital.We—all of us! Including Aries the Horoscope. You can nfate.I looked at him as he sat across from me on the other sofclosed while his head rested back. Some parts of his facea band-aid and gauze. As for me, the only thing I came h bandage on my head."...Is that so? Okay, thank you." I heard Tito Julz say, talkthe phone.Tita Gema entered the house, carrying some of our bags,She was greeted by Tito's sad face.

 Tita's expression suddenly showed worry. It seemed like Kuya was doing this."Okay... I'll call his friends." Tita replied.She left our bags and went somewhere, followed by Tito both returned, looking restless and unsure of what to do had their phones in hand and were talking to someone.When they were out of my sight, Mama came in. She wakitchen, holding a glass of juice.I kind of wanted some too!Mama looked at me while drinking her juice. Her gaze shshe smiled."When you two act like that, you really look alike." She I grimaced as Aries suddenly stood up. His eyebrows furat me."Eew! I look like a monkey." He said before quickly leav"Which monkey? I'm a good-looking monkey if you're taeven though I'm not."He didn't reply. We lost sight of the crazy Aries. That guyit'thfftfthbtihtfMkl

 I guess I'm glad they didn't catch us. It's good that the Snguard, even though Ci-N had already been beaten. I don'explanation I'll give them about what happens to me whe blood.But what is it really? Is it a sickness or something?"Ma..." I called to Mama, who was currently texting on h"...Do you remember anything strange I did when I was aShe looked at me with a puzzled expression. "What do ystrange?"I sighed. "Nothing. Forget it."I stood up, about to walk away, when she spoke again."Is there a problem? You can tell me." She said with a smI shook my head. I knew what she was doing. She was trto me. Isn't she happy with the casual conversations we hwhere I call her 'Mama'? I thought she already understooincluding Aries, talk to each other."Nothing. You wouldn't understand anyway."I grabbed my bag and Aries' from the floor. I passed by htiAi'bflthibhtdlt

 "Your bag! You're ugly!" I said quickly as I walked towaHe managed to curse me with some harsh words before II wasn't so tired, I would've bombarded him with curses.can talk to me like that? I probably have a world record fthe curses I let out.It just toned down because of the"Profanity"curse. I flopped down on the bed. I remembered our last the King of the Snakes.Along with that came the pain I felt in my heart. He hasnI even asked Ci for help, but he said my messages wereneither.He said he misses me, but he only called once. What an iSpeaking of calls, I heard my phone ringing. I got up and bag on top of the study table. I had left it in the room whfor Ci-N. It seemed like the Snakes brought it here.I quickly looked for my phone, but the call had ended beIt was a missed call from GagongBaliw.There were also many text messages from him.

 messages again.From: GagongBaliw   Message:Your stepbrother and the kidare so noisy. IcaWhat?! How did he know that the one with me was my sconfused by his words. How could he have heard any nono one else there except us? There was no one else therewere open, so we would easily see if anyone else was theroom.The room at the end, where the pictures were.That's when the memory came rushing back. There was sheard the loud bang of a door slamming. I knew it didn't E's classroom.Could it have been him?!I checked his other messages.From: GagongBaliw   Message:Don'tleave them!They're fighting.From: GagongBaliwMessage:Hey!Whyareyoutakingsolong?

    Message:Did something happen?Why are you in a hurrFrom: GagongBaliw   Message:Ihave to go. Hope you're okay.From: GagongBaliw   Message:Did you gotothe hospital?Whathappened?From: GagongBaliw   Message:Who hurtyou?From: GagongBaliw   Message:Can you please answer my call?From: GagongBaliw   Message:MykelMitchell... Iwillmake him pay.I froze. How did he know about that? How did he know Mon the bed, my head hurting from the confusion.I was starting to feel uneasy about this guy. Over the couconversations these past weeks, I've noticed a lot of thingmost of them seem to match someone I know.

 From: GagongBaliw   Message:Iwanted to visityou. Butyouhada lotofguarFrom: GagongBaliw   Message:Ihope you reply to atleastone ofmy messageFrom: GagongBaliw   Message:Can'thelp it!I'm coming tosee you!From: GagongBaliw   Message:That's why youdidn'treply. You're sleeping. YoHe visited me?!I checked the date and time of the text. It was the third orhospital stay.From: GagongBaliw   Message:Your mom looks like you. The older version ofI stood up, my hand covering my mouth. He saw Mama?of my room and searched for Mama while repeatedly calher in the kitchen, talking to Tita Gema.

 Mama paused for a moment. I knew she was awake whenme at night. She also didn't come in the mornings becausat home then."I don't think so..." She said.My shoulders slumped as I turned away from them. I wawhen Mama spoke again."...But once, I passed by a guy heading toward your roomcame back, I saw him coming out of your room..."I turned back to her and waited for her to continue. I hophoped she knew him!"...He looked familiar to me, but I couldn't see his face clwas wearing a baseball cap."Oh, damn it!I scratched the back of my head and excused myself fromto my room and collapsed onto the bed, burying my faceDamn it! Who is this GagongBaliw?! I grabbed my phonfinish reading all his texts. Instead, I decided to send a mTo: GagongBaliwMH!GBli!

    Message:You wenttothe hospital,why didn'tyou show From: GagongBaliw   Message:Ishowedup!Youwere justasleep. HahaI couldn't help but laugh. This idiot!To: GagongBaliw   Message:You're crazy!Youwenttoo.You should've introFrom: GagongBaliw   Message:You already know me.I furrowed my brow at what he said. I don't know him, thtrying to get him to introduce himself. What an idiot!To: GagongBaliw   Message:Idon'tknow you!So annoying!I dropped my phone when my hand suddenly hurt again.the pain.The last time my hand hurt like this, Yuri massaged it. A  pain went away. I grabbed my phone again and texted Yu

    Message:Why do youcare?!How doyouknow thattooFrom: GagongBaliw   Message:Why?!Why are you withthatnerd?Why does he know Yuri? And why is he calling him a neI haven't heard about that.To: GagongBaliw   Message:Because Iwantto!From: GagongBaliw   Message:You didn'tsay thatnerdwas your type!Even though he wasn't in front of me, I could feel his irrihe was so jealous of Yuri.To: GagongBaliw   Message:Idon'tcare!From: GagongBaliw   Message:Damn it!I'llwaitfor my chance,and Iassure ylooking atanyone else.

 I even clapped my hands before taking it out and began dSo good! So good!While I was busy eating, I could hear Tita Gema soundinangry. I walked toward the kitchen door, about to leave, bKuya Angelo's voice, so I stopped."Mom! Please! I'm tired!" Kuya said, irritated."Are you thinking at all?! You just left and didn't go to wscolded."I just had something to take care of!""And what was that? Were you looking for the person whJay-Jay?! Let's just sue them, leave it to the police.""Not all problems can be solved by the police.""Angelo!""I'll go to work tomorrow. I saw Mykel, so I don't have aanymore."I wanted to go out and ask Kuya about Mykel. What did happened because of what he said next."He'sinacomaHe'sinaprivatehospitalLookslikek

 ["Jay?"] he answered as soon as I picked up."Are you busy?" I asked.["Not really, why?"]"Because... Mykel. He's in a private hospital."["What?! Is he still alive?"]I grimaced. "Y-yes, of course."["Good. Because I'm the one who'll kill him."]Damn! What a snake!"What's wrong with you?! Let's go! I want to see him!"["Do you know which hospital?"]"Uh... No."["Tss... Nice."] he said sarcastically. ["Wait a second. I'll He didn't wait for me to respond. He hung up the call. Logoing to use his "ways" too. It's really different when youhave so many connections. It feels like you can know anMinuteslater,IreceivedatextfromYuri.

 "Yeah." He answered quickly.He started the car. I couldn't stop myself from feeling tenwasn't involved in what happened to him, I still felt conndid this to him.We arrived at a private hospital. The building had six florooms had no air conditioning. Yuri stopped in the parkinout."He's in the ICU," he said and motioned for me to go aheI thought he was heading for the elevator, but when he saof people to go with, he chose to take the stairs. I followecomplaint. We stopped on the third floor.We approached a nurse station."Where's your ICU?" Yuri asked one of the nurses.The nurse pointed to a nearby window with a curtain hansaid that unauthorized personnel weren't allowed to enterYuri knocked on the adjacent door and spoke to the nurshim. After a moment, the nurse pulled back the curtain, a body came into view.Fvcking shit!

 I turned away and avoided looking. Yuri noticed this andme."Do you want to leave?" He asked.I nodded, and he knocked on the ICU door again, thankinwalked out together."Whoever did this, they wanted to make Mykel suffer. T just to endure the pain." Yuri said, and I looked at him. "simple fight, Mykel could've fought back. It wouldn't havHe's right! They wanted to torture him."Do you think... more than one person did this to him?""Maybe... Mykel's a big guy. It would be hard if just oneagainst him."That's true. Even I'd have a hard time fighting him. But w —THEM!I narrowed my eyes at him. "Maybe you guys did this to He quickly shook his head. "No! We didn't!"I pointed at his face. "You guys did that to Kiko! How dodo the same to Mykel?!"

 advantage, while still keeping the person we're getting baexplained. "...to make them suffer alive.""Why am I only hearing about this now?""Because he didn't want you to know."Keifer...Why would they tell me? Who am I? They've never treatwith them.

 Chapter 231: Ugly TruthJay-jay's POV["It's gone! Keifer had it deleted."] Ci-N replied from theline.Yuri sighed and brought the phone closer to his lips."Didn't you save even one?"["Nothing at all."]"Alright, thanks."The call ended, and Yuri pocketed his phone. He was lootheir past antics from Ci-N. Apparently, Edrix used to kehad been passed on to Batang Kumag.That's why I saw the video of them beating up Kiko befothe "One Hit Rule." Yuri admitted they didn't just do it onIt totaled over 30 times. There was a video for each incidWe tried to borrow the videos to see who they had hurt, bthey were gone.

 "Wow... You get tired of your enemies but not of fightingamazed.He smiled. "That's just how it is with us. We're Section E"Tsk! Tsk! Tsk!" I shook my head in response.He shoved his hands into his pants pockets. I crossed myinto the distance. I couldn't stop thinking about who mighMykel.Whoever they were, why were they so furious? If it reallBecause I had this strange feeling."Who do you think really did that to Mykel?" I asked himHe didn't answer. He kept staring into the distance, deep grabbed his shoulder and pointed my finger to get his attturned, I poked his cheek.He chuckled slightly. "W-what?""I'm asking you. You're spacing out.""Sorry. I was just thinking about what happened to Myke breath. "...I have this weird feeling that it wasn't a group him.""Likitjt"

 "Keifer is who I'm thinking of."I nodded. He was one of my suspects too, but there was aGagongBaliw! He threatened Mykel in a text, saying he'd"I have another suspect," I said, pulling out my phone fro"...maybe you know this number."I handed him the phone, showing the name and number otextmate.He raised an eyebrow. "Gagong...baliw?"I named him that! Unique, right? Unique!"Don't mind the name!"He shrugged and took out his own phone. He started typithe number, but quickly shook his head when he couldn'tI took the phone back from him."Who is this?" he asked again."This idiot has been texting me. He won't reveal himself,and you guys. And when I was hospitalized, he threatene pay."Iopenedourconversationandshowedhimthemessages

 "When I was kidnapped, and Keifer got stabbed."He stared at me, looking concerned. "There was no one ewhen we arrived. Only Keifer was conscious."I already knew that. That's what I thought at first too.I stood up and walked closer to him. "Yeah, but it's impoFirst, Keifer was far from me when you guys arrived.""No.""Huh?""He was standing close to you when we arrived."I frowned. I was starting to get confused again."B-but when the blindfold was removed...""He was standing, trying to walk, but he collapsed immehis wound."Holy f***ing shit!What does that mean? That it was him who kissed me? Ttexting me, trying to get my attention? But why? How? Wof a b****!

 "Let's go... I'll take you home. It's getting dark."I looked up at the sky. It wasn't getting dark because it wsky was darkening because it looked like it was about to when I heard a faint rumble of thunder.Yuri quickly walked to his car. I followed and got in as sthe door."We almost got caught in the rain."Yeah. He can't get wet. He'll multiply.He started the car, and it was quiet. Minutes later, the heaThat's when I asked myself.Did I shower?It doesn't matter. I'm here, already on my way home. Shoabout not showering? It probably doesn't show. Yuri didnI casually smelled my armpit. It smells good! When was shaved?"Jay? Are you okay?" Yuri asked.Oh, he saw me!"YyeahIwasjustlookingatsomething"Isaidwhile

 "Do you still remember who they were?"He scratched the back of his neck. "Hmm... Well, some owho hurt you and tried to kidnap you."I looked at him with furrowed brows. The monkeys whome? The ones I fought with on the road? Seriously?Just kidding, Yuri's a joker."...Do you think that's why none of them have come backI paused to think. Oh right! They could've easily come ba because they know where to find me."Is that the reason?"He nodded. "I think there's only one person we couldn't gMy eyes widened. "Cyrus?! But didn't he already get a taHe tilted his head slightly. "He said he didn't get enoughWhat the heck!That's embarrassing. Cyrus couldn't even get up after tharushed to the hospital. And he said he didn't get enough?embarrassing.

 "The rain's too heavy. We might get into an accident." Hecar."...Let's eat. It's on me."I quickly took off my seatbelt. "Let's go! You're so slow!I was already out of the car before him. He just shook histhe door for me.This is free, man!He locked the car and walked towards me. There were a entrance and exit of the mall, probably because of the raileave.I had to squeeze through the crowd. Once inside, people crowding, so I had to squeeze through again.In the middle of pushing through the crowd, someone suarm around me.I got startled and was about to slap the person, but I stoppwho it was."Don't walk away from me," Yuri said, looking ahead. ".My brows furrowed. Why did that sound different? I cho

 "So manly, it makes panties drop.""Kuya is so handsome."I looked at the ones who said that. What the heck, bro! I they're saying. When they saw me looking, they quickly "Jealous much?" Yuri teased."Excuse me, I'm not jealous. It's just that what they said w"Why are you reacting? I never said it was about you." HI raised my fist to his face. "Do you want this?"He shook his head. "I told you, let's go. Let's eat at Toky"That's more like it!"We walked towards the restaurant he pointed out, which theme. He asked me to find a seat while he would take caWhile waiting, I heard the sound of my phone buzzing. Acame in. I took it out of my pocket and checked who the GagongBaliw came to mind first, and it seemed I was rigFrom: GagongBaliw

 I quickly replied.To: GagongBaliw   Message:How didyou know?Are youhere? Where? ShFrom: GagongBaliw   Message:Idon'twantto!Ifyou wanttosee me, come finTo: GagongBaliw   Message:Idon'twantto!Later, after eating.From: GagongBaliw   Message:Greedy!Greedy!I was about to curse out someone really badly when Yurihid my phone."Do you have someone texting you?" he innocently aske"W-what? N-no... I'm just reading.""On Wattpad? Oh no! Stop it... It's so addictive."I looked at him in surprise. "You know Wattpad?"

 "Keep it up. It's attractive.""Am I attracting you?" He asked with a smile.I've been attracted to you for a while, but my feelings forSnakes have been stronger.I felt awkward all of a sudden, so I decided to roll my eywhat I was feeling. He just laughed in response. It wasn'twaiter brought his order.I focused on my food, even though deep down, my mindwith the situation between the three of us.I was almost done eating when my phone rang. I looked GagongBaliw."Who's that?" Yuri asked.I didn't answer. I decided to pick up the call from Gagon"Hello..." I said as I answered. "...What do you need?"I expected a response, but I didn't hear anything on the oaccident, I looked at the glass wall of the restaurant. I froKeifer was standing not far away."JayIssomethingwrong?"Yuriasked

 I didn't realize Yuri had followed me."Jay! Why? Did you see something?!" he asked worriedl"I-I saw him here... He was standing here.""Who?""Keifer."I kept walking around, hoping to see him again."Maybe it was just your imagination."I shook my head. "He was really here. He was looking atIt was definitely him. I couldn't be wrong.Yuri furrowed his brows, one hand in his pocket and the  phone. That's when I remembered my phone.He was holding it, and I quickly snatched it from him.There was a text message from GagongBaliw.From: GagongBaliw   Message:Don't.

 Yuri quickly hugged me, and I buried my face in his cheswere staring at us, but I didn't care about them."Don't cry because of him."Damn! It was so hard for me, and he had to speak in JapaI wanted to smack him! Doesn't he know I don't understastayed in that position for a few moments before I decide"Sorry... I couldn't hold it in. I was just so frustrated," I ewiping my tears."It's okay... I'm always here for you."He gently placed his hand on my head and ruffled my hasmile. His hand slowly moved from my head to my handHe slowly walked, and I just followed. My eyes were on wasn't holding my hand too tightly, but I felt like I was b pulse felt so hot.We reached the parking lot, and he opened the car door ffastened my seatbelt. He smiled at me before closing theHe walked to the driver's seat as if he had no life in him.When he got in, he sighed loudly. He fastened his seatbedbfttithWhdbdiiff

 "I want to blame you," he started. "...I want to get angry complain. But that's wrong because from the beginning, clear to me that it's really Keifer."Please... Yuri...I lowered my head. "That's why you should stop. I don't anymore.""It's not possible," he replied, which made me look at himstop loving?""But Yuri, you're just hurting.""And you're hurting because of him, but did you stop?"I shook my head at his words. I understood why he was dwas still confused.He took off his seatbelt and moved closer to me. He tookkissed it."Hurt me. Hurt me many times. Hurt me anytime. I don'tI feel numb." He held my hand tightly."...I'll accept it no matter how painful it is because I can hcan't handle losing you."IbitbttliWh?Whiitlikthi?Wh't

 "And you're the vice president."

 Chapter 232: Doughnut orJay-jay's POVWeird! So weird! Super duper weird! Super duper ultra wultra omega to the highest level weird!Your face, Jay-jay, is weird.I was standing in front of my table, staring at the food. YThere was a box of donuts on the table. There was also cStarbucks."Jay-jay!" Ci-N greeted me as he approached.he glanced at the box of donuts, and his eyes instantly litthe food was meant for him."Can I have some?" he said, reaching for the box, but I smaway."Don't take it! We don't even know where that came from"Of course, one of our classmates brought it! You don't houtside to bring you something like that!" he said, irritatehand

 Okay, it's not him either!I turned to the left where the group of troublemakers andseated together. I first looked at Edrix, who was busy on idiot didn't even notice. He was probably playing some gOkay, not him! Next to him was Rory, who was writing something in hisglanced at me and quickly turned the notebook away, as something I wouldn't understand.It's not him either.It's just not him! That guy's greedy too—if it came from getting the box!I then looked at Mayo. He would sometimes glance at Kiwhoever he was talking to, which was Josh.Seems like it's not him either. Kit's his focus.I then turned to the person next to him, but I froze when  box was already open, and he had a donut in his hand, alaway."Wait! I only looked away for a second!""Sd"hidhithfll

 But I can only afford donuts worth 11 pesos.I looked at the Snakes around me. They were all staring aavoiding eye contact as if they were waiting to see if I wnot.Tsk! If I take one—of course, I'll get to eat it. I don't careIt's delicious!But if I do what they expect—whatever! I'll eat it! No moshould I overthink? It's food! Food is life! My life to be eI'll eat and eat!I don't care if they think I lost because I accepted it. I graquickly ate it. I heard some people laughing, but I ignoreI ate, and Ci-N joined me. I noticed David, who had just one eyebrow at us, as if asking where we got the food."Do you want some? Go ahead and take one." I offered."I'll just take the coffee," he said as he grabbed the coffeeHe looked like he was dead tired. He probably hasn't slephe's going to sleep until later.David, the one with high-class instincts but always looki

  —Felix.'I raised my eyebrows. Felix gave this? Oh, this is intenseSon of a... I got tricked!I quickly stood up and threw the box at Felix, who was cmischievously. He ducked to avoid it."I never said I agreed!" I yelled at him angrily."...And I didn't even eat it, Ci-N did!""But you still ate it," he said with a smile."Whatever! I'm not going on a date with you!"I went back to my seat, crossing my arms and leaning bahear their teasing and laughing. These Snakes thought thlike that. No way! I'm too smart for that!Sir Alvin arrived, and our class started. He began by remupcoming exam until..."You'll have a half-day today." He announced.IstraightenedupMyearsalmostgrewbiggersoIcould

 Hehehe...Time passed without me noticing. Our class ended, and ono more school, so I quickly packed up my things.I was about to leave the room when I heard Felix calling "Wait for me! We have a date!"I cringed. He really thought I would agree to this so-calle"You have a date?" Ci asked, suddenly appearing in fronI almost cursed at him because he startled me. he poppedmushroom. I glared at him."No way! Let's go, we're going home!" I said, pulling onI took big steps away from the room to avoid Felix.Let him figure out his own life. He can have a date with hWhen we got to the gate, we walked with a group of studI could still hear my name being called out. As soon as wlet go of Ci and started running. I knew that idiot would fI only stopped when I started feeling tired. We were prettschool

 I turned to face him angrily, ready to yell at him, but my when I saw who was standing beside him.Felix was leaning against a car, and Percy was peeking frBoth of them were laughing and smiling at me. I gave Ci"Run if you can! They're in a car!" he said irritably. "I've"Sorry.""You think you can escape me." Felix teased. "...I'm smaThat line is mine!"You think I'll agree to a date with you?" I mimicked his bro, smart.""Let's go sightseeing." Ci said.I shook my head. No matter where they take me—whethKingdom or Disneyland."Let's go shopping." he added.I shook my head again. Even if they bought the whole Ph"Food."IshookmyheadoncemoreEvenifit'sallthefood—Im

  NO! I won't be fooled by that "free" offer. No matter wh NO!"Fine. I want pizza." I said, quickly getting into the car.Ci-N and Felix clapped in joy. I took the backseat, and thme."Who said you could come with us?" Percy asked Ci, irri"Jay-jay," he quickly answered while holding my arm.I didn't say anything."It's okay, so Jay-jay won't feel awkward around me," Fe buckled his seatbelt.He turned to me and winked. I just sighed in annoyance. catching his arrogance, like the king of this cat.Or maybe it's just because he's a Snake, that's why he's liHe's a cat. He's Felix the Cat.If I weren't so hungry, I wouldn't be going with them. I'llPercy and Ci-N invited me. I know what Felix's plan is.I know this is part of their courtship routine. He thought meoverI'mstillupsetwithhimdespiteeverythingwe'v

 Whenever Percy and I were together, there were times heour conversations. He'd ask me if I had forgiven his brothtrying to get me to talk to him.What a piece of work! Maybe I shouldn't have eaten thatThe car slowed down gradually. I looked out the windowI saw a vintage-style pizza house. Just in time, the car tur parking area.Felix and Ci-N were the first to get out. Percy and I follo"We'll find an empty table," Felix said, quickly walking i"Pizza! Pizza! Pizza! Pizza!" Ci-N sang while following "Hey! You're paying for what you eat!" Percy shouted at The brat didn't even acknowledge Percy's shout until theyquickly turned to Percy and shot him a sharp look."What is this?! You planned this, didn't you?!"He scratched the back of his head and smiled at me. "I'm brother out. I want us to be a happy family."I pointed at his face. "Your face is a happy family! You'reFelix!"

 I pretended to throw a punch at him, but he quickly dodgknow, Felix was made a Collins because of Percy's dad. him to America, if it ever happened.I walked toward the entrance of the restaurant, but beforedoor handle, Percy blocked my way. His eyes were seriome."If you're going to force me to adopt Felix—""It's not that," he cut me off. "...Give Felix a chance to exI furrowed my brows at him. "Even if—""Jay. Everyone makes mistakes. Felix made one, but donright to explain.""Right?""The right to be forgiven and given a chance," he smiled"...too bad my brother's good-looking. He got that from mchance."He even slipped that in.I was about to slap him, but he quickly entered the restaumy hand on the door. Thankfully, I pulled back before it 

 "What are you two doing?" I asked, irritated.The two quickly moved apart and almost simultaneouslyother."I said I want to sit next to him," the brat explained."I'm his brother, so I should be there."I shook my head at them. The two of them couldn't be intogether. Instead of fueling their argument, I decided to sspot near them.Before the two idiots could start fighting over who wouldme, Felix sat at the spot opposite me.It should've been for a single person."Why? What's the matter?" he innocently asked while bohim."Trying to steal seats," Percy said sternly.Ci-N started to sniffle like he was about to cry. Reluctantseats near us that were for two people. The two immediaeach other."What do you want to eat?" Felix asked.

 Felix placed my order, and of course, since those two areordered so much food. They even almost argued over whThey acted like they were the center of attention.Good thing there weren't that many people here. I startedfood might not even be that great. I hope it is, or I'll probI'm already not enjoying my companions, and the food to"Jay-jay," Felix called me.I pretended I didn't hear him. I kept looking around at the place, even noticing the light bulbs on the ceiling."I know you can hear me," he said. "...I just hope you unexplanation."I sighed in the air. I shouldn't have come with them. DamYou look like you're free!Those damn Snakes! They're taking advantage of my wecome up with a strategy to avoid their nonsense."I'm sorry, Jay," he started. "...I'm sorry for lying to you. me. I was angry at you back then. Every time I saw you, Aries. All those feelings came rushing back.""Ikthtld"Idlifll"Yd't

 "What happened with the whole Section E isn't a lie. Thowere happy, the days you helped us face our problems, thhappy because we had a troublesome Jay-jay with us." Hstill smiling. "...All of that is real."It sounded so sweet, but it was hard to believe.I looked at Ci-N. he was obviously listening to us, but prcare. I turned back to Felix, but this time, my gaze was liJust like how I felt with Yuri and Ci-N when I was puttinfelt the same way now. There was a pain in my chest."How can you say that? It was a lie, right? A form of declaughed. "...and that's the whole point. Making you belienot true."Felix stared at me seriously. It looked like my words hurtI couldn't blame him, but that's how I've felt all along.I blamed myself for being fooled. I thought I was dumb fBut something's wrong, because even the smartest person be deceived in different ways.It just means they know how to trick you. They know ho believe quickly. They show you the truth, but behind thadeception.

 stopped a long time ago. We felt it, we knew he stopped He smiled. "...was starting to feel real emotions for you."Shut up!I opened my mouth, ready to speak, but my words got stuquickly looked away.Just in time, I caught Ci-N's eyes. he was smiling at me lof what Felix had said. Like he was telling me that everytrue."Honestly, you've changed the way I see women because became friends, and you tolerated me even when I pusheHe grabbed my hand again, and this time, he didn't let godid with Keifer. I regret pushing that plan. I understand yhope you can give me, or us, a chance to show you that ythat you're one of us."My words got stuck again. It was so messy. Everything wdidn't know what to believe anymore.

 Chapter 233: TrenJay-jay's POVStunned! No response!"It looks like he's stunned."Looks like stunned—who are you calling stunned?! I imm bad look to the one who said that. It was Ci-N, holding a"Are you talking about me?"he shook his head. "No, I'm talking about the two siblinghe was referring to Felix and Percy. We were about to leawhen someone greeted them, someone they said was a fawhen they started chatting away.We were already at the parking lot waiting for them. We from here through the glass window."You're unbelievable. They're the ones treating you." I saarms.hecontinuedeatinghisicecream,someofitdrippedon

 "Jay, can I have another tissue?" Ci asked.I opened my bag again and got the tissue he requested, bunoticed something inside. There was a pink envelope.I handed the tissue to the brat before picking up the envedesign. It looked familiar, like I had seen it and held it beDéjà vu again.I opened the envelope. It was obvious it was for me. It wmy bag if it weren't. Inside was something that looked likAll I can say is: the penmanship is beautiful! Very femin'Dear Jay-jay,This is not a love letter. It's more like a friendship letter.'I stopped reading and put it back in the envelope. The cocorny. It almost made me sleepy, and I couldn't understanhandwriting was impressive.I looked at the restaurant door when the siblings came ouPercy had a scowl on his face, but Felix was smiling."Annoying! Why am I so good-looking?!" he said in frusBlueEyes

 "...apparently, the guy is interested in zombies."Felix and Ci-N burst out laughing. Percy shot them both started laughing at the idea of Percy being a zombie. Hisreally something."Want to walk home?" Percy threatened them, and they bstopped.I just shook my head. He opened the car door, and we qutwo of them were laughing occasionally."Let's go, Zombie Lord." I teased.He slammed the door shut. "I'm not a zombie! Don't youhandsome to be a zombie!"I had to hold back my laugh in the back seat. He's really word "handsome." He sounds so ridiculous! He's totally "...When I turn into a zombie, a lot of girls will want to bmy looks!" he continued as he buckled his seatbelt."The air conditioning's so strong!" Ci-N sarcastically remwere directly under the car's air conditioner while laughi"Do you want to get out?" Percy asked him sarcastically.around! I haven't even started the engine yet! You're just i!"

 "What's that?! Why are you guys laughing?" Percy asked"Nothing. Just drive." Felix responded with a laugh.The car stopped for a moment because of a traffic light. Iwindow. It seemed like we were going down a different rwere going home.Wait! Where are we going?"I thought we were going home? Why does this feel like direction?" I asked while continuing to look outside."Who said we're going home?" Felix replied, smiling at mnot over yet."I frowned. This guy is intense! If my phone didn't ring, I him already.I took my phone out of my bag. I had received a text mesFrom: Pres. Yuri   Message:How's itgoing? Enjoyingyour date with FelixI edited his name by adding 'Pres.' which means PresidenPresident of our club. I quickly typed a reply to him.To:PresYuri

 I almost laughed because of his emoji, it seemed like he wsurprised. I smiled and replied to him.To: Pres. Yuri   Message:It's notthat!I'm justfeelingawkward.From: Pres. Yuri   Message:ahh... Ithoughtitwas because ofthe two ofyo               feeljealous. I shook my head while smiling. That guy's acting like my probably why he texted me, he's restless.Yuri, the jealous one...To: Pres. Yuri   Message:Tsk!To calm you down, Ci-N is the one besideFrom: Pres. Yuri   Message: To: Pres. Yuri   Message: 

 This kid's unbelievable! So persistent in eavesdropping.In my frustration, I shoved my phone in his face."There! Take it! Shove it in your eyes! Stop snooping aroangrily.he just laughed at me when I took the phone away from hhe even made a funny face while flashing a peace sign.I just want to slap him sometimes."Who are you texting?" he asked.I looked at the rearview mirror, and Percy was looking atturned away and coughed lightly to clear my throat."Nothing."I gripped my phone tightly. Percy doesn't like it when Yumentioned. As time passes, it seems like his anger towaris getting stronger.I've been trying to understand the real reason behind it, belusive. He either avoids it or changes the topic, getting astand hearing the truth.Butifhedoesn'ttellmeIwon'tunderstand

    Message:busy?You look busy!This is another mystery in my life. My gut is telling me sstrong feeling that this person is connected to the King oI didn't reply. There are some things I'm waiting for this jthings will lead to him being caught."We're here!" Felix announced.I looked at what they were looking at outside the car. It w biggest arcades here in our area.Game House!Percy parked the car in front of the building. It was obvioHe even got out of the car first, looking thrilled while poHouse building."Let's go! Let's go in! I'm so excited!" he said.I scratched the back of my head while getting out of the cside was coming out again. He already had a birthday, so+1 in maturity, but it's like he got a -1 instead."Why did we even bring him?" Percy whispered.

 The little one was so eager, he almost bumped into the dothe guy avoided it. I just apologized so there would be nodiscussion.The place was huge, divided into three sections: a playgrarcade for adults, and a shop selling food, toys, and clothAwesome! This place was heaven for the great hangout p"Wow! It's really big." Felix commented from behind me"Jay-jay!" Ci-N called me while waving. "...let's ride thisI walked towards him to see what he was pointing at. It wusually in malls for people to ride around. But we couldnwere too big for it.Some young people were looking at us, probably wondewanted to ride it even though we were already grown-upWe'd look ridiculous if we did."Ci... Um... H-haha, we can't ride that." I said awkwardlyHis face immediately changed. His shoulders slumped, lodisappointment."Oh no... It looks like the kid's going to cry." I heard Perb

 His thinking really regressed."Ci-N. You're too old for this..." I didn't finish my sentenstarted to sniffle.Sigh! I can't believe I'm going to do this. But I can't be thridiculous."Fine. Fine. I'll ride it." I said boredly.he started clapping with joy and even jumping up and doshake my head."On one condition." I added, stopping him. "...they have he looked toward the two idiots. Percy was even picking both looked our way. I gestured for them to come closer."Why?" He asked, flicking his finger after using it to dighis nostrils.What a mess!"We're all riding it together," I emphasized the word "all."There's no 'all' here." Felix replied."You want a punch to the stomach?" I threatened.

 Felix furrowed his brows and gave Percy a bad look. "'Umean it's not just one person?"The two continued arguing. I whispered to Ci to buy tickus. Once he found a spot, I quickly moved behind the twthem with all my strength."W-wait! We're not riding this!" Percy complained.I kept pushing them toward the train car's entrance. They because the entrance was so narrow. Once they got insidfollowed and positioned myself near them to prevent theI thought Ci-N was with us, but when I looked for him, h beside the driver in front of us. Looks like that guy didn'him. He could only scratch his head while staring at the k"Why did we even have to come with you guys?" Felix s"Who started this date?""It's embarrassing to ride this. It's for kids.""Why did you even bring us here?""Percy said... you'd like the arcade."I quickly turned to Percy, who was frowning. "Who saidd?"

 Felix, Percy, and I all quickly bent down. People were stlaughing. I couldn't blame them. We did look ridiculous."This is your fault, Jay." Percy said to me while coveringhands."It's your fault! You knew there was a kid with us, and yohere!" I replied angrily.What's even worse is that the train was moving so slowlycrawl faster.Crawl already! Hurry up!I just wanted this humiliation to end. At least Ci-N was e beside the driver. he was even waving his hand, acting licelebrity with a motorcade.Our embarrassment got worse when we passed by the archigh school students. They quickly stared at us and laughAnnoying! So frustrating!We stayed hunched down for a few more minutes until thstopped. We all jumped out of the car. We stepped a littlecrossed our arms almost at the same time.We waited for Ci-N, who was still so happy and didn't seff

 Ci scratched the back of his head and pouted. We walked because that was really where we were supposed to go, ntrain.Percy bought the cards for us. He also loaded them up wgames.He handed the cards to us with a frown. He even got oneCi-N quickly ran to the games that gave out tickets as prigoing to save them to get the stuffed toy he saw on displaThere were a lot of games to choose from, but I immedia basketball game. It was all guys playing, but I didn't carereason I was there.Who cares about them!I swiped my card and started playing. I kept shooting thesecond round when I noticed something from the corner The group of guys who had been playing earlier were alllooking at me. I barely glanced at them, and I was so annthat they were imitating my chest.They were pretending to have boobs using their hands anwould bounce. They laughed while pointing at me. I justfrustration.

 They threw the ball back to me. I smiled at them and thanI hadn't even returned to my spot yet when they spoke ag"I think you like us!" One of them said, and they all laugLike?! I felt like my stomach was turning.I raised an eyebrow. "Excuse me?""Don't play hard to get. Just tell us if you want one of us.I just laughed at what they said. They were like a worse v"Wow, you guessed it." I said with a smile.They're probably relatives of Madam Auring.The idiots quickly exchanged smiles and high-fived eachI gripped the ball tightly."Which one of us is your type? Point us out." One of them"I like all of you..." I lost my smile. "...I like breaking allWith all my strength, I threw the ball at one of them. It hface! Chaos quickly broke out as people stared at us.

 He was about to approach me, but a big body quickly blowas too tall for them."You're angry at what she did to your friend? What aboudisrespecting her?" Felix retorted.Has he been here the whole time? He even knows about The guys couldn't do anything, especially when Percy steFelix. The two of them were almost the same size. They swagger and presence."Is there a problem here?" Percy asked, pretending to be The guys slowly shook their heads. They hurriedly liftedwalked away from us. I even heard the people around usThe two turned to me. "Are you okay?"I nodded and looked at Felix. He was smiling at me as if was fine now. I don't know why, but I found myself smil"Th-thank you." I said while lowering my head.I felt his hand gently rest on my head. "You sure know hI couldn't help but laugh at what he said. He was the samsimple laugh, it felt like everything between us lightened

 Chapter 234: PenmanshipJay-jay's POVIt was already late in the afternoon when we decided to g be out too late because Tita knew we were only supposedthe day.Ci-N was enjoying his hug with the stuffed toy he got. hedog."You're so cute! I'll name you..." he looked up and held i jay!"You idiot!I slapped him on the back of the head hard. Seriously, whyou name an animal after me?!"Ouch! Jay-jay... Jay-jay slapped me," he complained to I heard Felix and Percy laughing softly in front of us.I kicked their chairs, so they looked at us for a moment.Theyreallyhadtheaudacitytolaughatme.

 But now you know, right?He slipped earlier and mentioned that he had a video callI tried to clarify, he avoided me and pretended to be busy"How long are you going to hide it from me that you guytalking?" I asked irritably and faced Felix. "...Maybe evetalking to him?"Felix quickly avoided eye contact. Tsk! I knew it. There'talking to those Snake people. I'm not mad or sulking. Wabout giving each other space, right?But I don't know, a part of me is looking for him, and thamy annoyance.He misses the King."He won't be able to resist." Percy said, and we looked at"...It's too much for him. He doesn't know how to wait."That reminded me of when Yuri and I were eating. I'm su"Is it possible that..." I whispered.I don't understand something. Actually, I don't understanWhy does everything have to be so messy?

 "You said Keifer stopped the plan on his own, so you guin the end, it seems like he still continued it."Ci-N and Felix exchanged looks. It was as if they were athe same thing."Jay..." Ci called me. "...We really don't know the reasonmess happened, we noticed he was acting restless.""They always argue with Keigan." Felix added.I looked at them in confusion. "Keigan?"Felix nodded. "One time I went to their place, and they weach other. They were about to fight."What?!I had a feeling that something happened that we didn't knHonestly, I'm struggling with this situation. There's no clanything.Keifer! I think you have a lot to explain to me. When youyou better be ready."We're here. Get off, kid!" Percy said.Ci-N stuck out his tongue at him. "Okay, okay!" he turnejSt"

 Suddenly, the two of them started arguing about who shodate. I didn't pay attention to them because there were othmind.Food?!I always think about that. But there's something else. Whhave to be so complicated?The two of them were still arguing when we got to the fr"Thanks for the ride." I said and got out of the car.I was about to enter the gate when Felix called me."Thank you." He said with a smile. "...I won't waste the cme."I smiled at him and nodded. I entered the gate. At least ntowards Felix. I guess that's how it feels when you've forBut what about the others?Should I forgive them too? But how can I do that when s proud of what they did?Those Snakes. Those Stupid Snakes. That's why they bec because they're Snakes.

 "You just came out from the hospital, Jay."I lowered my head. I knew what he meant. He was worri because of the trouble that happened."S-sorry. I should've texted first."He let out a loud sigh, as if he was really troubled and I jworse. I knew he was already having problems with theirthere was something different about the way he acted no"Nevermind. Go change and eat. Mom made snacks." Hewalked out of the house.I just stood there watching him. I followed him with my Maybe Kuya is really tired from everything he's dealing comb his hair.Good thing he's handsome.I went straight to my room to change, just like Kuya toldWhile changing my shirt, I heard my phone go off.I took it from my bag, and it was a message from Yuri.From: Pres. Yuri

  Message: Hahahahaha...Is he crazy?!He laughed at me. He seemed so happy. His happiness wenviable, I wish he would share some of it with me.I put my phone down and continued getting dressed. Whwas about to grab my phone again, I noticed something iopen, and some things were peeking out.The letter...I took it out and looked at it again. I didn't finish readingseen who it was from, but I felt like it was a woman wholooked like it was written by a woman!I opened the envelope again and continued reading the le'Dear Jay-jay,This is not a love letter. It's more of a friendship letter. Bewe're not lovers—and this thing is so cheesy. Please bear with me, I'm not good at writing letters. All Iexplain my side and ask for your forgiveness. So please, pldthiltttilthd

 didn't have any female classmates who would write somecontinued reading.'But believe me, when things got better because of you, I out. I wanted to not get involved, but I was forced to staymy fear of Keifer. None of us could face him. Even Yuri, hadmitted he couldn't handle him. That's why I stayed quiacting. I was also angry when I saw him succeeding. I felt sorry you were falling into his trap. I had no one to talk to becwas the only one opposing what he was doing. I didn't evbecause I knew she'd get involved. I stayed quiet over time, not because I was still scared, bthat even Keifer had fallen into the trap he set for you. I dhappened, but when he said those hurtful words to you, w surprised and confused. I won't drag this on. I know you're lazy to read. It's you! and leave the decision to you. I'm happy to be your friend. I hope you'll give me a chanWith love as a friend, —Handsome Calix' 

 can explain why he still hurt me.What are you hiding, King of Snakes?!I put the letter down on my study table. I was starting to  because of all this. I left my room and walked to the kitcsnacks.I was near Kuya Angelo's room when a paper flew to myand looked at it. It looked like a print of some kind of repread!I looked at Kuya's room since it seemed to be where it caapproached it and saw that the door was open. There weron the floor, likely blown by the wind.I scratched my head and entered, picking up the papers. Ithe source of the wind that had blown the papers. I lookenext to Kuya's study table. It wasn't fully closed, and it secause.Tsk! Kuya again! Doesn't know how to close a window!I properly shut the window and started fixing the papers. papers, I noticed a picture next to a brown envelope."That's me," I whispered.ifihlld

 R.Sato? Is this the Ryosuke Sato they were talking aboutwants to kill me? The one who fought with Yuri? I thougtrying to hurt me, but what is this?I put the picture down and looked inside the brown envelmore pictures of me. I quickly checked the backs of them'Just wait... for me to kill you. Bitch!''Blame Yuri and Keifer... Blame them when you see them'Keep laughing... Because that will be your last laugh.''I can't wait to kill you and see Yuri cry in pain.'All of these were from Sato. My hands were shaking as Iletter and picture. Death has been watching me without mMaybe one day, I'll just collapse on the street."Hey! What are you doing there?!" Aries shouted at me fI just looked at him, my tears almost falling because of fe"I'm asking you!" He said as he quickly walked toward mHe grabbed the pictures I was holding and looked at themhe looked at the writings on the back. His eyes widened, met

 I don't need a lecture right now! Please!He grabbed his phone and dialed a number. I didn't knowcalling. He stared at me while waiting for the call to conn"When did this happen?" He asked me.I shook my head. "I-I don't know.""What do you mean you don't know?!""I only saw it now... in Kuya's room."He looked at the pictures on the table for a moment. He b phone away from his ear and started pressing buttons aga back to his ear.It was obvious he was getting annoyed at whoever he wa"Do you know where Kuya went?" He asked irritably.I shook my head again. "I-I saw him leave the house, butwhere he went."He dropped the phone and almost threw it out of frustratihe was calling Kuya Angelo."Do Keifer and the others know about this?!"

 I nodded. "I-I talked to him the first time, but it ended up"What the fvck, Jay?! Are you really looking for trouble?involved with Keifer's mess?!" He angrily said.He paced back and forth in front of me, running his fingeas if pulling at it in frustration.I didn't know if he was worried about me or what. Whatecouldn't feel anything. Fear and anxiety took over me."Call Yuri. I need to talk to him." He ordered.I looked at him, confused. My mouth hung open as I starThis must be the first time he's going to talk to Yuri sinceincident."Do what I said!" He yelled at me, and I panicked on whI ran back to my room to grab my phone and call Yuri. Mshaking as I dialed his number.Calm down, Jay!How can I calm down?! I'm about to die without knowinThe phone started ringing. I felt like with each second thhimansweringdeathwasgettingcloser

 My hands were still trembling even after talking to him. was scared, but I didn't understand why. It seems like all been drained by Kuya Angelo, and now I couldn't face thSuddenly, Aries appeared at the door and spoke. "Did yo"F*CK!" I screamed out of shock."Did you just curse at me?!" He said angrily."Why do you keep barging in like that?!""Now it's my fault?!""Stop surprising me!""Why are you spacing out?!""I'm thinking, obviously!""Did you call him?""Yes!""Why are you shouting?!""Because you're shouting!"TitaGemasuddenlyappearedandlookedatuswithsurp

 Jay-jay... Yes! Especially when she's hungry."I'm just saying." Tita replied before turning around and Aries immediately glared at me. "Don't leave your room."Why?! Yuri's coming.""We need to talk. Not you two!" He said and closed the d before leaving.What on earth are they going to talk about?!

 Chapter 235: ForgivenessJay-jay's POV"What did you two talk about?" I asked Aries while we w breakfast."Nothing, forget about it," he replied in a bored tone.I gave him a sharp look. "Tell me!""Tsk! Stop annoying me!""What's going on here?!" Mama said irritably, walking toShe drank the coffee from her cup before placing it downShe gave us both a sharp look as if telling us that we werannoying siblings on the planet.But Aries looked like dirt."Early in the morning and you two are already fighting! Cquiet?" she said, grabbing a piece of bread.I just lowered my head as I took a bite of my rice, while A

 Aries and I exchanged looks. It was like he was about to you." We stared at each other for a long time before he tuAngelo.Oh no! He's going to report me!"It was Aries! Aries went into your room!" I said, pointinHis eyebrows furrowed immediately, and he gave me a sI bit my lower lip as I slowly pulled back my finger.Kuya looked at Aries. "Did you go into my room?"Aries stared at me for a moment. "Yeah, I did."Woooooshhh! Saved!"...I saw what was inside the brown envelope on your tabstopping Kuya in his tracks.Kuya's gaze shifted from him to me. I quickly avoided eyreturned to eating my breakfast. Mama looked confused going on."What are you two talking about?" she asked.Secret! No clue!

 Kuya quickly grabbed his things and walked out. Aries fup without saying a word.I tried to chew my food quickly so I could leave too, knoonly keep bothering me.Hurry up and eat, Jay!Just as she was about to ask something, I stood up and sweverything in my mouth. I drank some water to help it go"I'm going to take a shower," I said as I quickly left withresponse.Each step was big, but I wasn't headed to my room. I wasroom instead. I didn't knock and just walked straight in, wregretted.Mistake on my part—walking straight in and getting closwasn't expecting to find him topless, with just boxer shorShit! My eyes! Oh no! My eyes!"What the fvck!!" he screamed when he saw me.Honestly, it wasn't new to me since I'd gotten used to seehalf-dressed. I've seen them in boxer shorts and without hdressed in front of me, especially during P.E. class.

 I almost forgot why I came in. It was his scar that caught"Just... I just wanted to say thank you for what you did eaHe raised an eyebrow. "Because I had no choice. You mahadn't—just be thankful I wanted to know something, soresponsibility!""What do you want to know?"He placed his hands on his hips. "Do I really need to say I averted my gaze and bit my lip. "Yes, please."He sighed deeply. "I want to know why the pictures are whe's already done something about it. Is that okay? SatisfI nodded slowly. "I actually have one more question.""What?! Spill the beans."I felt so shy asking him this, but... "Are we okay now?"He froze for a moment, clearly confused, but it seemed lithinking about it."Tell me my horoscope for today.""Getout"Thatwashisonlyresponse

 I couldn't understand his actions, and I couldn't understanwas mad at him. I felt bad because of what he was doingit, a part of me wanted to make up with him. I missed thehad.I went straight to the bathroom and took a shower. Whileteeth, I suddenly remembered Aries' scar beneath his cheWhere did he get that? Why does he have that?It felt strange, thinking about that scar. I found myself to below my chest. If I wasn't mistaken, the scar was near hWait... Was that right? Near the ribs—near the lungs? Is t'Jay-jay! It's me! WAAAG!'"Argh! That hurts!" I shouted as I held my head.I dropped my toothbrush and grabbed the sink with one hsuddenly hurt, and then a thought popped into my mind.That was Aries' voice. I couldn't be wrong. But it was vaunderstand it. It felt like a part of the past, a sudden flashI didn't remember.I couldn't recall when that happened. It felt like I had no Idtldthiihdll

 From: +639*********   Message:You're dead    A strange sense of fear enveloped me after reading that mdropped my phone. I hoped it was just a prank. I hoped Iwhat I was thinking.Please, no...What if someone was waiting for me when I leave the hoto go back inside. What if something happens to me at scto look good if I die.How would I get out of this? I knew Aries wouldn't take Yuri!Right! I'll ask him to pick me up. I'll also ask him about wabout with Aries. I'll tell him about the message I receiveMy hands were still shaking as I searched for his numbermessage came through, and I accidentally tapped on his nstarted the call.StupidCrazy!He answered the call quickly, so I didn't get a chance to ehibtttlkthifttlit

    Message:Why are you notrespondingtomy messages?I stared at his message. It seemed like he wasn't acting liknow.I ignored it and just replied to him.To: StupidCrazy   Message:bc it's me Alothappenedyesterday. (Because happened yesterday.)From: StupidCrazy   Message:Still!You shouldhave textme atleast!To: StupidCrazy   Message:demanding!Doyou love me?From: StupidCrazy   Message:no!ButI'm your future.I just grimaced at what he said. This guy is something. Bgood effect. He temporarily made me forget my fears.I didn't reply to him anymore. I just focused on what I neYuritoaskhimforaride

 I heard him laugh lightly. ["Actually, I've been waiting fohouse since earlier."]I was shocked by what he said and panicked. I didn't eveanswer or hang up. I quickly grabbed my things and ran "Jay! Be careful, you might trip!" Aunt shouted as I ran i"I'm going to school now," I answered.I went straight out of the house, and sure enough, Yuri wcar. He smiled and waved at me. I immediately walked u"Get in! We might be late," he greeted me with a smile."Okay. I'm coming."He opened the car door for me and even buckled my seatfeel spoiled. He always does that. I think I'm starting to dthat's not a good thing.He quickly went to the driver's seat and started the car. Wdriving, I couldn't help but keep looking at him.He's so attentive. He's just the same as before when he toIn fact, I think he's even more attentive now compared tohe has nothing holding him back.

 "So I can make you suffer. Am I the only one who sufferrelationship? You should suffer too."I punched him hard on the arm, making him scream in paimmediately rubbed his arm."Itai! Itai! Itai!" (It hurts, It hurts, It hurts) he said, almosWhy is he calling his dad "Itay" though?"Sore wa totemo warui ga itai!" (It's very bad but it hurtsirritated.I furrowed my brows and gave him a disapproving look, face."Look at it too!" I yelled.He looked at me with teary eyes. "I am not cursing you!""How would I know?"He angrily gripped the steering wheel and started the carand leaned back on my seat, looking out the window.Throughout the drive, he stayed quiet, probably annoyed punched him. There were times I looked at him and saw  pain.

 I glared at Felix, but he was busy talking to his fellow "Unickname for his group). I was about to sit when David hnote.I looked at him, confused, but took the note to read it.'Jay,Ienjoyed our date. Ihope you likedthe French toas  Felix'    French toast and coffee? But there was none... I immedia N. He didn't greet me like he always does, probably becasomething.He slowly turned towards me when he felt I was staring asmile, even though his mouth was full of food.Looks like he got the toast, but who has the coffee? It wasince he doesn't drink coffee. But I didn't need to look foheard a loud sip of something from David. Nice! Looks like they shared it.There was an "aahhh" sound after he finished drinking thsupposed to be mine. I glared at him to let him feel my anwas too busy drinking and reading something from his p"That's embarrassing for the person who got my food," I  breath to both him and Ci-N before sitting down.

 I sighed. I know it's my fault, but is it really okay to ignofeels like my mistake is so huge. But when I hurt him, heWhat's his deal now?I subtly glanced at him from behind. He was talking to Rwas serious, just like when I first saw him.Back then, when I had a crush on him. I shook my head athe front just as Sir Alvin entered to start the class."The schedule for your exam has changed. It was supposof March, but it's now moved to the first week of April," "Why was it moved, Sir?" Eren asked."Because it didn't progress," Ci-N suddenly answered, anloudly."Wow, Pandak spoke up!" Josh teased.The "Ulupong" group laughed again. I looked at Ci-N, anhis brows.He stood up and pointed at Josh. "I will kill your Pussy!"There was a moment of silence in the room, like you couThen they suddenly burst out laughing again. Some evenlaughing and crying. I ended up laughing too.

 "Alright, alright! Sit down, Mr. Peralta," Sir interrupted.Ci-N sat down with a pout. I faced Sir again to listen to w"...Your exam will be in the first week of April. If I'm noalso have a two-week vacation before the Post Final Exagraduation will be in June," he added.Why does it have to be like this?! Their schedule is all mThis school starts in August, so my lessons are a mess. I learned anything from previous lessons. Actually, it feels behind.After Sir explained the schedule, he went back to teachinteachers were also focused on their lessons because we nOur last teacher for the morning left early, so Eman was But I still didn't want to eat there.I left the classroom and headed to the second floor, whermy crazy stepbrother.As I approached the stairs, I saw Calix. He had one handwas scratching his cheek with the other. He was looking shy to face me."Ndthi?"Ikdbd

 I raised an eyebrow at him. "None. You didn't even write"Hey, I wrote it!" he defended.He wrote it? But the letter looked so feminine. It almost nflowers, and unicorns to make it look like a "rainbow lov"Is that really your thing?" I asked without thinking.His brows furrowed. "What?!""The handwriting looks so girly! My writing is more straHis letter looked like it had been written by a storm."Mica said my handwriting was pretty. She said it's one olove letter—because it's true that her handwriting is beau"Yeah, it was too beautiful—now it's questionable whethit." I whispered, but it seemed like he heard me."Maybe I shouldn't have made it too beautiful," he said, sJust make it look nice, that's all!Honestly, I was laughing at him. I had a strong feeling thfor help just to write that "friendship letter" for me.TherewasabriefsilencebetweenusIglancedbehindh

 "S-sorry. I just got happy.""Thank you, you can thank Mica," I said."It's fine, even if it was my mom's idea." He smiled.I winced. "Wow, that's intense!""As long as you gave me a chance. That's how importanta friend, of course."I just shook my head because of his antics. He walked baclassroom. I just stood there, staring at him.I don't know, but it felt different.

 Chapter 236: ForgivenessAries's POVI was currently staring at my reflection inside the elevatoElla said I've changed a lot since our last conversation.Maybe because I keep coming back from the hospital. I jalready going back again. I reached for the side of my torwas.She saw my scar.But it seemed like she had no clue. There wasn't a hint ofher eyes. It didn't seem like she was interested in asking she didn't.Maybe she really doesn't remember, or maybe she just dowas one of my nightmares that haunted me almost every eyes to remove the image of it from my mind.Her lifeless eyes. Her bleeding fist, and one of them was wall. Even the sound of the shattered glass pieces fallingup a large shard of glass and used it to stab me.

 I headed straight to my older brother Angelo's office doogreeted me with a smile before standing up."Is Sir Angelo here?" she asked.I nodded, and she pressed a button on the intercom. She twas here."Let him in," I heard my brother reply.The secretary gestured to the door of his office.I thanked her before entering.The first thing I noticed was the piles of paperwork. Asidexecutive table, there were also papers on the coffee tablsofa sets."Why are you here?" he asked authoritatively without looI crossed my arms and moved a bit closer. I skipped my ato talk to him. Thankfully, he didn't have any meetings."I just want to ask you something." He stayed silent, cleato continue. "...About the pictures."His hands stopped moving, but he didn't look at me."Whydoyouhavethem?"

 He was right. I would've blocked those pictures too if I h brother must have seen their content before they reached"Have you taken any action?" I asked again.He stopped again and looked at me seriously. He let out standing up and walking to a table where his things wereHe took something from a briefcase and handed it to me closer, so I had to reach out to take it.A Manila envelope?I opened it and looked at the contents—pictures and som"Ryosuke Sato. Only son of a very well-known Yakuza frival of Yuri," he said, leaning against the table with his h pockets.I looked at the pictures. I've never seen him before."If Yuri is his enemy, why is he sending death threats to J"Probably because he knows how important Jay-jay is toIn the end, it was his fault this was happening. But there  blaming him. I looked at the papers. Information about Senough to really identify him.

 I returned the papers and pictures to the brown envelope the table. I ran my hand across my face. This was tough. of anything to do."I talked to Yuri," I said, and he looked at me. "...I told h"What did he say?""He said he's known about it for a long time. He's been trJay-jay as much as he can.""But he can't be with Jay-jay all the time."He was right. There were times when they weren't togethtimes, Sato could make a move.He also told me that the whole Section E knew what wasthat they were helping. But that wasn't enough. Their entenough.This was so frustrating!I shouldn't be troubled by this, but I couldn't avoid it. I le"You look worried," my brother Angelo said.I glanced at him. His gaze was different, as if he was obsabout me.

 "You know, Aries..." He started. "...I always take care of if you're my own flesh and blood. I try my best to discipland provide for your needs..." He loosened his necktie."...I try to do many things like a real father would do. Beyou to experience what I felt—growing up without a fathI shook my head. "You didn't fail.""I did." He quickly replied with a smile. "...because if I dwould still love each other the same way you did before."It's a different story.""I tried to make peace between you two, but you both beme, Aries... what's the real reason for your hatred towardMy fist clenched. I knew he would ask about it. I'm not sright time, but he would never stop asking.I had to explain everything.Slowly, I unbuttoned my polo from the bottom. Then, I lshirt to show him the scar below my chest."What's with the scar?"I took a deep breath. "She's the..." I closed my eyes. "...shtbbd"

 From my own father."H-how?""she wasn't herself. I called her several times and beggedcouldn't hear or listen to me."He looked confused by what I said. He seemed puzzled, my explanation."I don't get it.""she wasn't herself. I know you know what happened. Shanything of what she was doing."He cursed and held the bridge of his nose. I knew this hafor him for a long time. He just didn't want to give in to tsuggestion.He was scared... scared to find out that he's gone mad."...because of her, there are many things I can't do now. Imedication before I can do any activity." I sighed deeplyI got sick.""You can't blame Jay-jay like that.""I have a lot of reasons to hate her."

 I looked away and lowered my head. Was I wrong?! Is itanger from everything I've been through?!"You let her suffer! Tell me, Aries... isn't that enough of a pain she caused you?! Your sister needs you."I tried to open my mouth to speak, but no words came ou"Try to fix things between you two... before it's too late,"Can I do it? Can I fix what's between us? I wish it were tthat's not the only reason why I'm angry with her.Can I forget all my anger toward her?+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++Jay-jay's POVYeah! Do that! You'll pay for it with me!Go ahead... just ignore me."Hey! What?! Is this how you're going to be?!" I said angHe glanced at me for a moment and then turned away agsmack him so badly. Lunch ended and everything, yet heattention to me.

 I rolled my eyes to push the memory away. I didn't want thing that comes to my mind every time I sit on this bencI whistled as I followed him, then plopped down on the bHe furrowed his brows and looked at me."Do you need something?" He said with disinterest."N-no. I'm just sitting. Why? Do I need a reason to sit anair?"He raised an eyebrow. "Really?""Why? Do you think I'm trying to get your attention? I'mYeah, sure. Keep lying to yourself, Jay."Then not." He whispered, but I heard him."Really not." I replied sarcastically.He didn't say anything else and stayed seated there. I heastanding up, seemingly trying to leave again.I quickly grabbed the end of his shirt. "What now?!""I'm moving to another spot. You're embarrassing me." Hshirt.

 "Isn't it?! I keep getting closer to you—yet you keep push"Because I'm annoyed with you!""That's it?! That's why you're annoyed? I've punched you before, and now you're just annoyed?!"He suddenly grabbed his hair and sighed before answerin"I'm trying to see what you'll do! I'm waiting for you to ayou're too proud.""Then sorry!""Your sorry sounds angry! Is that really how you are?! Sneed to learn to be humble!"Aww...I furrowed my brows, but it wasn't because I was angry. agree with him. Maybe my pride really is too high, and Isincere apology to him.I looked down. He immediately noticed I was affected bywalked over to me and placed a hand on my shoulder."S-sorry. I didn't mean—.""NoIt'sokay"Icuthimoff"Honestlyyou'rerightM

 "...I was just trying to be sweet with you. I didn't mean anI lowered my head, avoiding eye contact. He held my ch but I kept avoiding him."Jay-jay."Both of his hands held my face to force me to face him.He succeeded, but I shut my eyes."Open your eyes." He commanded.I kept my eyes closed."Don't make me count."I didn't say anything."Jay-jay. One."I tried to remove his hands from my face."You really don't want to. Two."I squeezed my eyes shut tighter."You'll regret this. Three."

 "Y-yuri..." The only thing that came out of my mouth.I wanted to yell at him and scold him. This was wrong! Wagreement, but why did he do this?"Jay... I'm—.""Nice. As soon as Keifer's gone, you make your move."We both turned to look at the person who spoke. Edrix stin his pocket, glaring at us."E-edrix..." I called out to him."Ma'am's here. Go inside," he said disinterestedly beforeus.Shit! Why am I so nervous?I briefly glanced at Yuri before walking back. I almost caEdrix, who was ahead of us, but just before he could entelooked back at me.He stared at me seriously. "If it's okay with you... I'd liketime to explain my side to you."I nodded without thinking. He was about to turn away aghis arm.

 I was about to turn my back on him when he spoke again"...Are you scared?"There was no emotion in his voice. He wasn't accusing osounded serious, but without any anger."W-what?""Are you scared that he might tell Keifer?" he continuedS-scared?I don't know, but there's definitely a feeling of fear. Fear afraid that it'll reach him?I turned my back on him, confused. "I-I don't know."I hurriedly walked into the room. I immediately sat downstaring at me."Are you okay?" he asked."H-huh?"he stared at me with furrowed brows. I swallowed nervousudden tension I felt. I tried to avoid his gaze until sudde'PPPRRRROOOUUUUTTTTTTT'

 "Cancelthe class!"   "Jay-jay farted!" Ci shouted while pointing at me.Son of a...!"I-I didn't!" I denied."Really? It stinks! When did you bring that with you?" DI glared at him quickly. He actually believed what that br"What the hell, Jay! You don't act like a girl!" Eman said"Are you trying to kill us all?" Felix added."Enough! Just sniff it to get rid of the smell," our teacherfanning herself.What a pain!They really think I'm the one who released the bomb. I hfan the air to make the smell go away. I noticed Ci was laI smacked him on the head. "You farted!"he rubbed his neck with one hand while giving me a peacother. So annoying!

 The question he asked me earlier came to mind. Am I scaAm I really scared that Keifer might find out?

 Chapter 237: SiblingsJay-jay's POVTulala. I'm almost drooling, which would confirm that I'mWell, I'm always out of my mind, but this time feels diffeI'm staring blankly at the calendar. It's been almost two w birthday ended. That means Keifer's birthday is next.Tomorrow is February 28, and then the 29th is the King I haven't received a single call or text from him. And thahas been texting me less and less too. My hope that they'as the King is shrinking."You're such a pest, Keifer! You're such a pain in the gumI was about to eat the last Pepero stick I was holding, butwas already gone. I must've eaten it without realizing. I c but there's no more food left. Just when I feel like havingI run out of snacks in my bag. I glanced at the wall clockPM. Kuya is probably asleep by now.I slowly opened my bedroom door and peeked at Kuya's was closed, and there was no light coming from under it.tIKAlilIhth

 Thanks, horoscope. Was there no warning in there?It seems Aries is also looking for food. He kept peeking inside the fridge but wasn't satisfied. He stood up straighsigh. He slowly turned toward my direction before closinIt seems he didn't sense my presence because he continue"Aries.""What the!..." he said, startled. "...What's wrong with youscaring me like that?"I wanted to laugh at his reaction. He's becoming more eadays."I wasn't trying to scare you. You're just spacing out."He glared at me. "I'm not spacing out! Look at where youI looked at where I was. I was at the kitchen door. It was was no light coming from anywhere. The lights in the othkitchen were off too."Who wouldn't get scared by that? A voice from the darksee who it is.""Sorry," I said, scratching my head.

 Ugh... I don't want that. I just want something to munch sweet."Oh..." I said, scratching my head. "...I'll just buy somethstarted to walk away.Before I could get far, a hand grabbed the back of my colike a puppy being carried in the air."What do you mean, 'outside'? Let me remind you that sodead. And you're planning to go out?!" he said irritably."Then I'll disguise myself."He raised an eyebrow, almost sarcastically saying, 'You'rI tried to break free from his grip on my collar, but he on"Come on... I just really want to buy something," I plead"It's late.""Owwwsss... Really?!" I said, pretending to be amazed.He let go of my collar but gave me a strong flick on the fteared up as I rubbed my head."That hurt!" I complained.

 I found a bonnet. Even though it smelled like it had beenages—whatever! I need this. I also grabbed the shades thleft here when he stayed over once.There! Now I look stupid!I grimaced when I saw myself in the mirror. I looked likeAmerican—just missing some bling-bling. It's dark outsiwearing shades? Nice! I look like an addict. The bonnet?Baguio vibes.I took them off and threw them on the bed. Disguise, myadjusted my hood to cover my face.This is better than looking like a drugged-up American.I pocketed my wallet and phone. When I opened the doostepping forward, I stepped back.Standing in front of me was the face of the Horoscope guwearing a hood, and guess what? Same color as mine... R"You look like Kokey," he said, arms crossed."Who's that? Is he an actor?"He smiled at me and nodded. "It's an actor."WIlklikf!Ni!I'd!

 I looked at what he was wearing. "Why are you dressed ldisguise too?""Idiot! It's drizzling outside. I'm too lazy to carry an umbturning his back to me.He's really fun to talk to.Sometimes, I feel like I just want to slam his head againsmaybe I'll drag him to his fellow Horoscopes. Are Taurufriends too?I followed him grumpily, but then I stopped when I remeolder brother was still asleep, and he might wake up. I tipuntil I reached the stairs.My stupid brother wasn't in the living room, so I went strHe was holding my bike while staring off into the distanc"Let's go," he said, without looking at me."What do you need my bike for?""I'll walk it." He answered flatly, with no emotion.Good luck with that plan of yours.Ifrownedathimandherolledhiseyesatme

 I glanced behind me, and just as I did, the Horoscope wahad a serious expression as he looked at me."I'll go out first," he said, so I stepped aside to let him paWhen he went outside, he checked the surroundings, justOnce he made sure there was nothing suspicious, he pullmotioned for me to follow.He got on the bike and looked at me. I expected him to a but instead, he started pedaling away."Go ahead. Start walking now," he said in a lifeless tone.Oh, this guy..."It's embarrassing for me. That's my bike," I said irritablyHe stopped and glanced at me. "Fine, get on."I flashed a wide smile and quickly walked up to him. I wthe bike, but just as I positioned myself, I bumped into hi"Ouch..." I whispered and looked at him.He was glaring at me while holding his mouth and chin.Iwinced

 It felt weird. I was both happy and sad.I was happy because we used to do this. I would ride on htook me on a ride. I didn't expect we'd be doing this againBut with that, there was also the sadness I felt. I knew thwas over, we might never do this again.To be honest, I had been thinking about how he was actinwanted to ask him, but I was scared it would bring up whroom when he suddenly got angry at me.I wanted to know if we were okay. I wanted to know if hI wanted to know if he accepted me as a sibling. I wantedcould just stay like this.I looked at my hand as I felt a few drops of water.What he said was true. It was drizzling."I hope it doesn't happen," I whispered.He slightly glanced at me. "What?""The rain... I hope it doesn't happen."He stopped, almost causing me to fall into him. He lookethe sky. I did the same, and that's when I noticed that the

 He also looked up. "It's not that... The moon is bright, antoo." EndOfFlashback...I couldn't take my eyes off Aries, even though I could onHe started pedaling again, and my gaze was still on him.For some reason I couldn't understand, tears started to faeye. That memory was telling me how happy I was back my past with him wasn't entirely complete in my mind. Now, I'm grateful that I haven't lost the happy memories it wasn't perfect, it's okay. As long as I know we were haAnd if only I could make a wish...I wish we could be like we were before. I wish we could we used to be. No problems, just us, and the whole worldwhen we're together.That single tear from earlier, now it's followed by more. the other. I'm frustrated because I didn't wish to cry, but hI can't stop it. The difference is, I'm not crying because I'It's because I'm wishing for something I know is impossi

 "Always hungry," he muttered.When I entered, the clerk signaled for me to lower my hoallowed, apparently.Do I look like a robber?I had no choice but to lower my hood and storm over to twiped my eyes again, hoping my redness wouldn't be noHow annoying! Why did I cry over that Horoscope? I gra before heading to the drinks aisle. I grabbed a 1.5-liter so"Put it back!" Aries said irritably as he walked toward mI slightly looked down and avoided his gaze. "I want thisit!"He snatched the soft drink from me and put it back in the"That's why your brain is empty—you're eating unhealthHe gave me a lecture and then turned his attention to the holding.Does my brain have food in it?"These are what I want!" I said irritably, trying to grab th

 Oh wow! Seems like he has a hidden hunger."Will I get full from that?" I asked, irritated."Most likely! All food fills you up!"How annoying! I don't want that. I reluctantly started looeven pre-heated food, and even yogurt I didn't like—I statoo.I walked up to him, my arms full of food."I'm making you pay for this," I said.He glared at me. "Fine." He quickly grabbed the things I then turned back to face me. "...This is embarrassing, youthis might not even be enough."We both walked up to the cashier. As the barcode scanneitems, I secretly stepped back and went back to the shelvmore snacks.I hid them behind me, and when the cashier was almost deverything in front of her. Aries was shocked, his eyes w"This is part of it!"The Horoscope shot me a sharp look. "You're so stubborn

 "You're so happy, huh?" he said sarcastically.I couldn't wipe the smile off my face as I sipped my proba straw."Food is life."He walked over to the bike and lifted its stand. He slowlyone hand while holding a plastic bag with the other."I'm walking, right?" I asked.He lifted the plastic bag. "Do you think I can drive with wcarrying?""I told you... We're walking," I said, quickening my pacehim.At first, it was quiet as we walked, and I chose not to spewas scared of his silence.Instead, I focused on the contents of the plastic bags. I op bread and started eating it."Are you pregnant?" he suddenly broke the silence, startlI almost choked on the bite I had taken. "Idiot! Where difrom?!" I shot him an irritated look.

 When I say I want certain foods, he buys them right awayspoiled by him.Suddenly, his expression changed, and it seemed like he said.He looked ahead again and continued walking.It seemed like they still hadn't talked."Y-you know..." I started, but he still wouldn't look at me"...Percy is really angry with Yuri."He sighed deeply. "And I'm really angry with them too."I stopped walking and kept my gaze fixed on him."And you're really angry with me too."He stopped and it felt like my words had hit him like arroto look at me, and I saw him slowly lower his head."Why, Aries? Why? What did I do to make you angry at fact that I'm your sibling?"Seconds turned into minutes, and it felt like ten minutes hdidn't answer until he slowly took a step away from me.

 I was confused.He looked at me, and I couldn't understand what he meantime."...Give me time to think about what happened..." He sm brother will make it up to you."My lips moved on their own, and I smiled back. I was abwhen we suddenly heard the sound of a speeding car.It was coming from behind me, and when I turned arounwhen I saw it approaching fast. My legs stiffened as my hJAY-JAY! MOVE!It was too late for me to dodge. I shut my eyes and bracethe car, but that's not what I felt.Two arms wrapped around me, and we were thrown to thThe embrace was tight, and I couldn't move.When I opened my eyes, all I saw was the back of the spfollowing it was Kuya Angelo, running after it.I couldn't hear anything, my ears were ringing from the rmy heart.AllIldhhihithdiidi

 Suddenly, he pulled me into his chest. I could hear his deloud thumping of his heart."Damn it! You almost got hit."

 Chapter 238: Birthday WisJay-jay's POV"Your Kuya Angelo is right, Jay," Tita said. "...Maybe yoschool yet.""Because Tita..." I was planning to send a video message"...maybe because of what happened.""You almost died last night. Thank goodness Aries was tI lowered my head. Both Aries and I weren't allowed to gAngelo. He knew we went out last night, and the sight ofcar—apparently, that really happened. Kuya tried to chasgoing too fast. Plus, it had no license plates."Stop being stubborn. Rest now," Tita added.She kissed my head before standing up and leaving the rograbbed my phone to text Ci-N.To: BatangKumag   Message:I'm notgoing to school. Somethinghappened.

 I heard a knock on the door, and it slowly creaked open. appeared."Are you okay?" he asked.I nodded. "You? Are you okay?"He stepped inside and approached me, trying to smile."I'm okay too.""Can you give me my horoscope for today?" I asked innoflicked my forehead hard, making me fall back on the be"Aagghhh! That hurts!" I screamed, holding my foreheadaround on the bed. "What the heck! Ouch!""You're full of nonsense! You almost died last night and that!" he said, irritated.I almost cried as I looked at my forehead in the mirror. Itswollen. I felt like his finger was as hard as a rock becau"Pain..." I whispered. "...it hurts.""You're so dramatic," he said irritatedly, approaching meI faced him angrily. "Here! Look!" I almost shoved my fhim

 Is this it? Is this how it feels when things are okay betwesibling?I grabbed my phone again, and this time, I texted Percy.To: Percing   Message:Hey!Hey!Callme!Ihave something to tellyoI smiled while waiting for his reply. It took a few minutethe text again.From: Percing   Message:Eeww... Poor!No phone credit.My eyebrows immediately furrowed. If it weren't for thaI was calling him to tell him what happened, and this is w"You annoying blue-eyed jerk! I'll make that black!"To: Percing   Message:Damn!Justdo it!It didn't take long, and he did what I told him to. I quicklcall.

 This guy is crazy."You're nuts! I have something to tell you."["And... What is it, you pregnant horse?"]I winced and looked at my phone before putting it back t"Aries and I are okay now!" I said with joy.["Oh? Really?"]"Yeah... I think?"["Why the 'I think'? You're not sure? What is that!"]"Maybe he'll suddenly go crazy."["Here's what you do..."] He said, sounding like he was gto a child. ["...go see him. Hold his forehead, if it's hot— pain—then he'll talk to you."]I rolled my eyes while slapping my forehead. I'm going twith this guy. Is it even okay to say that? Seriously! Thatmore courage."What if it's not hot?"["Goodnews!Hemightreallybemakingupwithyou"]

 "They're trying to take my life." I said, without thinking.["What?!"] Percy suddenly said, snapping me back to reaThat's when I remembered I hadn't told him about what Ihappened."Percy... Do you remember what the guy who fought witone who said someone wants to kill me?"["Yeah. Oh, shit! Don't tell me—"]"Someone's been sending me death threats and... Last nigto run me over."["What the... Do your classmates know about this? Yuri?asked worriedly."I—I don't know."He sighed deeply. ["I'll talk to your Kuya Angelo. I have He didn't wait for my reply and quickly hung up the phonI hugged my knees.So many thoughts were running through my mind. Whattalked to me because he thought...

 I couldn't take it anymore. I quickly stood up and walkedI went straight to his room, but he wasn't there, so I walkroom.He wasn't there either. I was about to go to the kitchen wsomething outside. Aries was standing there, looking at shands.I approached him, and I was shocked to see that he was hquickly grabbed it from him.It was a picture of both of us. We were sitting on the roadholding my cheek and seemingly saying something. I cothis was the scene from last night."They're closer than I thought," I heard him say.I hadn't said anything yet when he suddenly walked to thit.He quickly walked inside the house. I followed him imm"Manang! Make sure you check properly who's outside bdoor! Don't just let anyone in!" He shouted at their maidsI froze, standing by the door, holding the picture. My hanIttdttdiWhithihi

 I quickly walked back to my room, took a shower, got reuniform. I'm going to school; I won't let someone like thiI was organizing my bag when my phone suddenly rang.I picked it up and saw an unknown number.I held the phone tightly. My fingers were still shaking asanswer button."H-hello?" I greeted the caller.["Jay-jay? It's Eren!"] He answered loudly.My brows furrowed when I heard noise on his side, like tand people fighting."W-what's... Why is it so noisy?"["Jay! We need your Kuya's help!"]"Ha?! What's going on—Hello?! Hello!" The noise suddWhen I checked, the call had ended. I grabbed my bag anLuckily, Aries wasn't in the living room. I took my bike aschool faster.I was sweating from the speed I was going. I had to get thIreachedthegateIsawbigvehiclesusedforconstructio

 "The board already issued an order! We need to clean upThe Guidance Counselor said."Maybe you can do it another day?! We'll clean up the reI looked around. The piles of old tables and chairs were gtrash was gone too. When I looked at the Ulupongs, theystairs going to the second floor."It's not allowed! The demolition starts next week! We'retime!""Wait for Keifer to come back! He's the one you should tRory added angrily."Why wait for him?! We have a schedule to follow!""If you demolish this building, where are we going to havasked irritably."In the open auditorium!""What?! Are you crazy?" Edrix responded harshly.The Councilor glared at him. "How dare you talk to me lno respect!""Why should we respect you?!" Blaster fired back.

 "I'm begging you, Ma'am. P-please, until tomorrow! We'tomorrow," I pleaded, almost kneeling.The councilor and the Serpents stared at me with sharp g"Until tomorrow, Miss Mariano!" she said, pointing at mShe turned around and walked away, followed by the woEven the students who had been watching left.I faced the Serpents, whose brows were still furrowed."Let's go to the room. We need to talk," Yuri started, but the Serpents suddenly turned away.Yuri gave me a forced smile, then put his arm around mywalked to the room. When we got inside, everyone was fThe only ceiling fan wasn't working, and it was dark becwas out."We've lost power. They cut the line," Ci-N said sadly.The others slumped, looking defeated as if the world had"What's the plan? Are we just going to let them destroy tDrew asked, irritated."N-no!" I quickly responded.

 "I think... he can't. He's struggling with his own problemto add to them.""So, we're just going to let it happen? Is that it?" Felix as"Like we have a choice," David replied.Felix quickly stood up and rummaged through some stufgrabbed a box and walked out of the room. Yuri, Rory, anhim.Ci-N and I exchanged looks before we followed them. Tto the second floor. I ran to catch up, and my worry grew breaking the doorknob of the last room.The picture room."Felix..." I called, my voice tinged with pleading.He ignored me as he broke the doorknob and forcefully oWe all stepped inside.One by one, he took down the pictures from the walls anthe box. I felt weak as I watched him. My feet moved onwent to help him take down the pictures.I couldn't help but look at the faces in the photos. They lothough some had bandages or bruises. Some had serious'lkidhlkdidiff

 I placed the picture in the box. It took us a few more mintook the box back to the room. The atmosphere felt heavthem organizing the stuff behind us."Is this really it? Are we leaving this building?" Denzel aI nodded slowly. We looked at Ci-N as we heard him sob"This place was like my second home," he said. "I was hwhen I had problems at home."And so was I.We decided to finish everything that needed to be done. Wwere moving. We even cleaned up the trash in front of oumovers to collect tomorrow.It was already dark by the time we finished. David and Chome since Yuri stayed behind to help Eman."Thanks for the ride," I said lifelessly."Everything will be okay, right?" Ci-N asked.That's the question I was asking myself.I wanted to say yes, but I didn't want to take away the horascal.

 Before, people were wary of Section E because they knetrouble, but now it felt like we were too weak. The other us anymore.I collapsed onto my bed. I wanted to sleep, but my mind Thoughts kept rushing through my head, as if my brain w playground.I tried to get up from my bed and changed clothes, hopinme sleep. But it only kept me awake longer.I sat on the bed when suddenly the door opened and Arieappeared."Where have you been?" he asked."School," I replied."You're really stubborn, huh?""There was something that happened, that's why I had toHe rubbed his temple, looking ready to lecture me. He stmoment. I wasn't in the mood to argue, so I just let him tI didn't listen to his words. They just passed through my sticking in my mind."Ai"Illdhi"Ctlkt?I'

 I heard my phone ring. I grabbed it from my bag and sawFrom: GagongBaliw   Message:hey.How are you?I wanted to scream, "F**k! I'm not okay!"But I didn't want to make a scene and disturb the neighboTo: GagongBaliw   Message:Keifer.I deliberately sent it to him. I wanted to know who this idFrom: GagongBaliw   Message:Watson.I was a bit surprised, though I was expecting this. Of couit was him!To: GagongBaliw   Message:It's you.From: GagongBaliw

 A photo followed his message. In the middle of a large hwearing a black tuxedo, talking on the phone.To: GagongBaliw   Message:Who are you really?From: GagongBaliw   Message:Iknow you more thanyou know me.I dropped my phone. Damn it! Was I being played again?Who is this GagongBaliw?

 Chapter 239: Happy BirthJay-jay's POV11:48 PM. My eyes were wide open. I couldn't sleep becthat jerk sent me. What's worse, he wasn't responding to "Damn it!" I snapped at my phone in frustration.If he's not Keifer, then who the hell is he? One thing's forclose to that King of Snakes.And what was that outfit he was wearing? Why did he lo party? Was it his birthday party? Wow! How embarrassinnerve to celebrate while we're here on the verge of losing"You bastard! You're all happy while we're here crying."I stood up angrily and grabbed my phone again. I searchenumber—he was the only one I knew who had access to But just before I could press call, I remembered I didn't hcould only text.Poor girl Jay-Jay.

 I released a deep sigh. My shoulders slumped as I noticeonly 10 minutes left before it hit midnight. That meant itFebruary 29th. The King of Snakes' birthday.It's so irritating! So frustrating! So much!I had one last chance to contact this GagongBaliw personslowly opened my bedroom door.I was really hesitating about doing this. I walked carefullroom. I just hoped he wouldn't snap.Ugh!I knocked gently at first, but there was no answer. I triednothing. I grabbed the doorknob and slowly turned it.I almost clapped my hands in joy when I realized that Ardoor.Tiptoe, tiptoe, tiptoe.There! I had become a ballerina from tiptoeing so much. bedside table, and there it was—the thing I was looking The mysterious horoscope phone. This was how I woulddestiny—no, I would use it to contact GagongBaliw.IbbditdtidtlkitOhh!It

 I just needed his fingerprint. That was all, and then I couearth did he have to hold it there?!There were so many other things he could have held!"I can do this." I whispered to myself.I slowly pulled his arm away from... well, there. I managhis thumb first. I brought his phone near the fingerprint sBut it didn't unlock!I tried his index finger, but no luck. I tried his middle fin but nothing happened either. I almost screamed in frustrafinger was my last hope.Just as I was about to grab it, his hand suddenly moved.It went back to... well, there!I tried again to pull his arm, but it returned to... that spot frustrated, I started punching the air silently. And then, bstupidity, I dropped his phone.It flew in the air, and the real foolishness? It hit... I'm so future children.I'm sorry! I'm so sorry!

 "How on earth....?! Argh!"I was the one who almost cried because of what I did. I fhave kids again. I could hear him groaning and cursing fWhen it got a bit quieter, I tried to peek at him from the bsurprise, he wasn't there. I quickly stood up and pulled th bed.Oh no! He was gone! And so was his phone."Where did it go?" I asked."Is this..." My eyes widened. "...what you're looking for?I slowly turned to look behind me where the voice came I clenched my mouth shut while bowing my head."What the fvck are you doing here?! In the middle of theHe really emphasized the last word.I played with my fingers, unsure how to respond. I just whis phone to call that GagongBaliw."...and seriously?! Why did you hit my... my... my... my T"Howdidyouknowitwasme?You'requicktoaccuse!"

 "What do you need this for?" he asked while holding out"I just need to make a call. I don't have credit."He sighed deeply and typed something on his phone for handing it to me.I looked at him curiously before taking the phone. I press button on the phone, and it unlocked. No password!"I already removed the password. Just return it after you while getting closer to the bed. "...and PLEASE! Wake mway."He lay down on the bed and covered himself with the blalooked at the phone in my hand. Nice! I can finally call GagongBaliw!"Thank you!" I said happily as I quickly exited his room.His room was only a step away from mine.I quickly searched for my phone that was scattered on thof the jerk was what I was after.I almost gawked at Aries' phone while I typed the numbehands were shaking as I brought the phone to my ear.

 "Who the hell are you?! Your trip is so intense, I don't gefrustrating, you know!" I said with wide eyes. "...Just tellalready? You're so stressful—so much!"You're ruining my beauty!I heard him clearing his throat, though it was soft, I knew"Can you please say something? My mouth is getting dryyou're still speechless."I was almost losing my mind because of him. I just wantfrom the other side. If only... ugh!I glanced at the wall clock. It was 12:09 AM—the idiot'sI sighed deeply. I still didn't know who this GagongBaliwthing was certain—he was connected to that King of Sna"Hey! Whoever you are, I know you're close to Keifer. Mwell... can you tell him..." I scratched the back of my nec"...Nyappi Brrritttday."Wait—what did I just say?!I quickly covered my mouth. I stuttered, damn it! I could"Happy Birthday" properly.IhdftlhItdlikhkiL

 "...Section E needs him..."I needed him. "...many people are counting on him..." I whim. "...his friends want him back..." I wanted him back.For reasons I couldn't understand, a tear fell from my lefttightened. I just wanted to send a simple message, but mymuch."Please also tell him... Whatever he's dealing with, tell hifelt like I wouldn't be able to handle it if he stayed away also wish him a happy birthday. I hope he's true to his fehe'd be true to me. "...I also wish he forgives me..." Becaready to give up. "...for what I've done to him."I wiped my tears discreetly. I also swallowed hard to clea"I really hope he comes back soon... but if he can't, it's okit." Even though it hurt... Even though it hurt so much."...Please tell him all of that, okay? I'm counting on you.time, even though I knew this conversation wouldn't last"...Alright. I'll hang up now. My brother might get mad—credit."As expected, no one spoke from the other side. I was abo phone from my ear when I heard something. It wasn't cleknow if there was a signal issue.

 "Did something happen?" He asked and sat down next toI quickly wiped the stray tear off my cheek. I swallowed little."N-nothing... I just felt like being dramatic." I explained.I felt his arm around my shoulders. He gently leaned my shoulder."Is this about him?" he whispered.It was like a switch had been flipped in my emotions. Tequickly, and it felt like I couldn't stop crying. My arms inwrapped around him.Why is this happening? Why am I like this?"It hurts, even though he's not doing anything." I don't knlike he's not doing anything. "...It hurts, even though he'sknow why he's not here. "...Why do I have to feel like thi"Ssshhhh... It's normal. I mean, it's Keifer you love."His answer irritated me.I slapped his chest, which made him laugh. But slowly, Iserious. His hug around me tightened.

 Of course, I knew. It's me, after all!"But they didn't love Keifer," I said. Not like me."They were scared of him," he replied, which confused mdifferent when it comes to liking girls."I started thinking. Someone had told me that before. He'slikes someone, he'll fence them in and won't let them go."How... How do you know so much?"He looked at me and ruffled my hair. "Even when we wehe was like that with girls. Good thing he loses interest qI frowned. That guy is unbelievable. It's like he doesn't s people. He acts like he owns them, thinking he can alwayI looked at Aries, who was staring into space. I wasn't suright time to ask him this question."A-Aries... Can I ask why you're so angry at Keifer?"I saw him clench his jaw. He swallowed and quickly look"S-sorry. It's okay if—""He never listens to me," he said without looking at me. forwhathappenedtoPercywithouteventryingtounder

 "Spoiled.""Big asshole.""A womanizer."He suddenly burst out laughing. I laughed too. For a momover mocking the King of Snakes.For some strange reason, in the middle of our laughter, I crying again. I was crying again. Crying because of him.Aries stopped laughing and quickly hugged me. I buried chest."Jay," he called me."B-birthday's today, but he didn't even try to reach out. Hmessage me." I said like I was complaining. "...It's unfairDamn you, Keifer.I felt my brother's hand gently rubbing my back."Stop it, Jay. Stop crying over him. You have to accept th"W-what truth?"ItriedtoliftmygazetohimbuthestoppedmeHekisse

 major shareholder of the company. With all the responsibdo you think he'll be able to come back?"I started crying again, loudly. He was right! He might neus—to me. He has a life there that I'm not part of. That wI shouldn't have been expecting it... but why do I still bel"He will come back. I know he will. He said he would coinsisted.He has to come back. He should come back here. He shome. Because if he doesn't, what will happen to me? Whagone for good?I don't understand why Aries had to tell me this. I thoughfine between us, but why did he say that? Does he want tMaybe he's just angry at me. Maybe he's getting back at But that's not it."Take back what you said! He'll come back!" I shouted a punch him."Jay! Enough!""Take it back! He'll come back!" ...He'll come back. "...Bhandle it."

 What? You don't know your age?"So the reason I told you before—about why I didn't tell you wouldn't suspect we're siblings—it wasn't true." He I wasn't sure if I was looking at him. "...Because before Iknew was your age. You were three years old then. Yeahyou, but I didn't know how far apart we were."I looked back into space. It was kind of funny how foolisthat.So silly! Let's laugh... Ha.ha.ha.ha."To make it worse, I didn't have a birth certificate. So whgot me, he thought I was just three.""How did you find out your real age?" I asked softly."Because of our mom—our mom. But I found out when school. Percy even laughed at me back then, saying I waknow my own age."At that moment, I smiled. We really had the same way ofthen. But I don't think it was his fault. I thought he was juwould've learned that if someone older had taught him. BMom never taught him anything other than age."Are you happy?" I asked absent-mindedly. "...Are you h

 "Aries..." I called him. "...Your nostrils are huge. I can seOW!" He slapped me on the forehead.

 Chapter 240: Kuya's PainAries's POVHer forehead was red. It looks like I hit her too hard. Butsound asleep. Her eyes were swollen from crying. I guesthat hasn't changed about her—aside from her stubbornntendency to cry easily.I couldn't help but smile. Even at such a young age, I stiltook care of her. Flashback..."Ari!""Aris." I corrected her."Where's Mama?" she asked while looking at me with he"She's still at work."She lowered her head and picked up some stones from thlong."Itookherhandandshookoffthestonesshepickedup.M

 "Mama!" I greeted her.But she didn't answer me, and she passed by me as if shequickly approached Jay and hugged her."Mama!" Jay shouted happily. "Why are you so late?""I missed you, Mama! I was working."Jay nodded at her. Mama looked at me."Close the gate and come inside." She said, walking in.I did what she said and quickly ran inside. I saw that she  plastic bag. It was full of food."There's so much food! Look, Ari!""Kuya Aries." Mama corrected her. "...he's older than youEvery time Mama came home from work, she always brosaid her boss gave them to her. Sometimes, she also brouand me.But I preferred it if Mama were at home. I preferred beinSuddenly, Mama came home from work. She had a red mnear her mouth. She was furious, like she had an enemy.

 "Really?""Yeah. Let me check for you." I said as I walked inside thI didn't think they were actually fighting. Mama was sittifront of the table, and so was Ate Jamela. They were justvoices."That jerk! No wonder he's so nice! He has plans for me!angrily. "Giving me groceries! What does he think I'll jus because our kids have different fathers?!""I already went! You're right, but why did you bang yourwall?" Ate Jamela said irritably.Mama pointed at the side of her mouth. "He slapped me!scared of his violence!"Ate scratched her head roughly. "How about you now?! Wkids?""I don't care! I'll just find another job where I can bring mAries in school.""And what about money? How will you pay for school? uniforms?""I still have money for that."

 "It was when I got pregnant with Aries. My siblings fougleft, it was getting tiring!""Call Jay's father. He's rich, right? He's the one who gavethis house, right?"Mama didn't respond. She suddenly turned to me and gavlook."I told you to watch over Jay! Why are you inside? OUTI quickly ran outside. I saw Jay digging in the dirt. I apprtook her hands again."Are they fighting?" she asked again.I shook my head. "No. They're just talking."I didn't really understand what they were talking about. Amean by "outside child"? Is that us? Because we were ouI just ignored it and played with Jay. I also told her that Mme to school. I saw Ate Jamela's child, who was always supposedly going to school. Maybe I would go there toomy sibling with me."Aries! Aries! Wake up!" Mama shouted.IdhilbbithIM

 I ran outside the house. I was almost at the gate when I sther. She closed the door and almost ran to the gate. It wathere was no one on the street."Jay! Just wait! We're going to the hospital!" Mama saidlooking for a ride.I didn't know how long we had been there when a tricycldriver didn't want to take us, but Mama pleaded with himWhen we got to the hospital, the woman in white talked tI really couldn't understand what was going on. But I notspeaking. She was unconscious and seemed to be unmov"You're not going to school today," Mama said to me."Why?""Because we don't have money. I used it to pay for the ho bring Jay home.""I want to go to school!" I insisted.My friends were going to school already. I wanted to go wanted to start school too."You can't! We don't have money!" She shouted at me.

 "Stop being so annoying! I told you it's not possible!" Shslapped me again.Her hand was hitting me all over, but she still didn't stop"Stop! No more! No more, Mama!""Grow up, you brat! You can't understand!" She shouted "...I'm already struggling! Don't make it harder!"She was about to hit me again when suddenly, an old wohouse through the door. Mama froze and quickly faced th"Why are you hurting the child?" The woman asked MamShe tried to approach me, but Mama quickly blocked her"I'm just disciplining my child," Mama answered her.They stared at each other for a while. I didn't know her, afirst time I'd seen her. She was carrying a bag and a plastthings inside.She was actually our grandmother, Jay and my Lola. Shehouse several times to leave toys and food for us. She alssometimes when Mama had a new job.BeforeMamawasonlyawayforhalfthedayButnow

 "Ari!" Jay shouted from inside the house.I ran inside and looked for her. She was sitting on the flowhich had its head missing again. She always takes the h"My tummy hurts!" She said while holding her stomach started crying.I approached her and tried to lift her. I made her sit on thlooked for the bottle that Mama used on us when we hadwas green and had a strange smell.I found it in the medicine cabinet. I opened it and tried tousually does, but some of it spilled and spread on the flooand went to check on Jay-jay, who was still crying.I lifted her shirt and placed it on his tummy, but she keptI tried to calm him down, but she wouldn't stop."I want Mama!" She cried."Mama is at work."Her crying only got louder. I didn't know how to stop hergate open. I ran to greet her, but she looked at me angrily"What did you do? Why is Jay-jay crying?" She passed btihttJhikltth

 "I put it on Jay—""You idiot! This damn life! Don't you have any brains? Wspill?"She put Jay down and grabbed a rag. She wiped the floorShe was muttering something under her breath, saying thmentioned bad words and that children shouldn't imitate She kept looking at me, and I knew she was about to hit mSometimes, it feels like everything I do is wrong, and I sMama only loves Jay-jay."I'm going to work. The thing I told you! Don't leave Jay before leaving the door.Jay was still asleep and hadn't woken up, so Mama didn'tgoodbye to her. I approached him and fixed her blanket. of her.Mama loves her so much, while it feels like she wants mBut it's okay; she's younger than me, so I understand. Balove from their parents, Lola told me.I looked out the window. It seemed like Lola wasn't comIbbdththIldtidift

 I stood up and peeked into the house. Jay was still asleepup later. I'll just come back before she wakes up.I closed the door and ran out through the gate."Let's go to the court!" They said, and I followed them.When we got there, some people were playing basketbalwatch for a while because they looked like they were havwere many people playing, passing the ball around. Whe play too.I don't know how long we were there, but I noticed that pto leave. That's when I remembered Jay-jay. I hadn't fed I said goodbye to my friends and ran back home. The gatopen when I arrived. I suddenly got scared because I thohave gone outside."Jay-jay!" I called.When I went inside, something suddenly hit me.I fell to my knees and cried from the pain. When I lookedwas, it was Mama. She was holding a hanger and was reaShe hit me again, and I screamed from the pain."M!Itht!"Ihtdth

 "Do you want to go outside?! Fine, go outside!" She dragand almost threw me. "...Stay there!""I won't do it again, Mama!" I begged."Will you do it again?! You don't know how to listen!""I won't leave Jay-jay!" I said, still crying.She didn't say anything else and threw the hanger inside. bag and left again. I stood up and went back inside.I saw Jay-jay sitting on the floor eating bread. Lucky herhurt her. Maybe she really loves her more.Mama left early today. Jay-jay and I were left alone againI didn't want her to leave yet because Jay was sick again.She was hot and seemed weak. I tried to wake her up to ecried and cried. She went back to sleep after that.I was worried about her. I was scared that they might takhospital. They injected her with so many medicines there"Aries!" Someone called from outside.I saw her open the gate and come in. She was holding a bcloserIsawthatitwasAteJamela

 She immediately went over to Jay and touched her forehWhere's your mama?""She's at work.""You were left like this? Well, well." She stood up and apdrawer where we keep our clothes.She grabbed a towel, wet it with water from the sink, wrufolded it. She then approached Jay and placed it on her fo"I'll check if there's any medicine here. You eat first." Shoutside.I did what she told me. I ate the food she brought, but I ckeep an eye on Jay. I wanted to feed her too.Ate Jamela came back with the medicine she mentioned. jay and tried to make her take the medicine. Her pain alwIt's been dark for a while, but Mama still hasn't come homtried checking at work but they said Mama wasn't there. gotten better.I went over to her to adjust the towel on her forehead. Shand looked at me."Where's Mama?" She asked.

 We didn't have any food left. I had already eaten the riceMama is usually home at this time to feed us. Since she whad no food."I want to eat." She said.I looked around for any leftover food, maybe some breadnone. I only had one idea, and that was to buy food outsiI grabbed the coins on the table. Ate Jamela left them for"I'll buy food. Stay here." I told her, and she nodded.I ran outside. There's a food store near our house. They sand sometimes snacks."Please give me some food." I said to the vendor."What do you want?""The one for the sick." I replied, and she laughed."Rice porridge?" She asked.I didn't know what that was, but I just nodded. She quick plastic container and filled it. I handed her the payment, the food.IranbackhomebutwhenIreachedthegateIsawMam

 "Do you want to stay outside?! Fine! Sleep outside!" Sheslammed the door."Mama!" I yelled and repeatedly knocked on the door."Stay out there! Don't come in!" She shouted from insideI needed to give Jay-jay his food. I could hear her cryingname."Mama! I have food for Jay-jay.""Shut up!"I stopped knocking and sat on the floor in front of the dofood I bought for Jay.I didn't want to sleep outside, but I was scared that MamaThe last time she hit me, she even struck my face. It stunI rested my head against the side of the door. Mama had the lights inside and outside the house, so it was pitch dahow much time had passed until the lights of the neighbowent out.Maybe Mama really doesn't love me.Jay-jay was brought to the hospital again. Mama left me bhld'ttkfth

 I didn't respond. After gathering some clothes, she pulledhouse. She almost couldn't close the door because she waShe flagged down a tricycle and had us dropped off at thI wasn't familiar with the route we were taking. I wantedwas afraid she'd get mad.While the jeep was moving, I kept looking out the windofrom home again. I didn't know where we were anymore"Stop!" Mama shouted, and the jeep stopped.She got off, and I followed. We walked to a place and sto big gate. It was tall, not like our house, which is low.I immediately saw Lola watering the plants."Lola!" I shouted, and she looked at us.She smiled and greeted us. She took the bag Mama was htalking about something I couldn't understand."Aries." Mama called me and sat down to be at my levelyour Lola. I need to take care of Jay-jay."I nodded. "You'll come back for me when Jay-jay is betteShe nodded too. "Of course! I'll come back for you."

 Lola said she was my aunt, but she always fights with me"I don't know. I'm not close with your mother, so I wouldreplied.She always answers like that. It's frustrating. Suddenly, tstrongly, and since we were sitting by the window, all heface.Her hair smelled bad."Your hair!" I shouted."Enjoy it."I was really annoyed now, so I grabbed her hair and pulleface freeze in surprise, and her face slowly darkened.She quickly slapped me with two fingers, pinching my skstrength. I screamed from the pain."Lola!" I screamed while crying."Lara! You made him cry again!" Lola angrily called to m"Your grandchild is so rude!" She replied, moving away I was about to report what happened when we suddenly hhonking

 "Aunt! Who is that?" I asked my aunt, the one who alwayangry with me."Why don't you ask her yourself?"I couldn't get any answers from her. She always talks likcould get along, but she's always rude to me.Soon, the woman entered the house, followed by a child."Here's another pest," I heard my aunt whisper."Lara! How are you? You're a lady now! How's school?"my aunt, smiling."Ask our principal." My aunt replied as she turned arounher room.I was about to follow her when I was stopped by the sighand the woman. It was clear she didn't know me, but she "Hello..." She said, approaching me. "...how are you? Wh"A-Aries.""This is Jeana's child." One of my aunts said from behindThe woman's expression changed immediately, but she rsmile

 Chapter 241Aries's's POV*Continuation Of Flashback...*I didn't realize that the child with him was my cousin. Hiand because he's older than me, I'm supposed to show reshis lead."Get me a glass of water," Kuya Angelo said, but I didn'tI looked at him, confused. "Huh?"He raised an eyebrow at me. "Get me some water."I was about to stand up to obey him when suddenly, a boface."Ugh!" He shouted while holding his face.I looked around to see where it came from and saw Tita L

 "Because I like hitting you! You don't English me! I'm thspeaker!" Tita shouted while pointing her finger at his faI didn't understand what they were talking about. All I knhad fallen victim to Tita's strong hands. He was one of thwas scared of her."What's happening?" Tita Gema asked as she approached"Mom! She hit me with this!" Kuya said, running to his mthe book that had hit him."Lara..." said Lola, who was with Tita Gema. "...You trealike this.""That's an exaggeration. At least I haven't hurt anyone."Tita replied while putting her hands in her pockets. "...I sthe hospital, right? I haven't seen her yet."She was referring to Jay-jay. She was still in the hospitalhadn't picked me up yet."Who's in the hospital?" Tita Gema asked."Well, this monkey's sibling," she said, pointing at me.Tita Gema turned to Lola and they started talking about sdtdKtillbbihifhihh

 "Hey!" Tita Lara called me."What?""You're ugly," she said, laughing.I just turned my back and rested my elbows on my kneeschin with my hands. Tita sat beside me and observed me"Hey!" She called again."What now?" I answered without looking at her."If Angelo asks you to go with them, will you go?"Would I go with them? Kuya said they had more toys the bicycle that I could borrow. He said he would give me a "Yes, but we'll come back right away because Mama migme."Tita sighed. "What if there's no return? Will you still go?I shook my head. "I can't. Mama will come back for me hfind me if I leave.""Your mom won't come back for you," she said, and I go"Jay-jaywasreleasedfromthehospitaltheotherdayA

 I started hitting her arm, but it didn't seem to have any efShe just stared at me."Making the child cry. You're old enough for this," Kuyastanding in front of us.Tita gave him a nasty look. "Oh really? You want me to mSuddenly, Tita ran, and Kuya started running too. He wayelling "help" and "SOS."I didn't believe him. He always made me cry, so I knew hme. I decided to go to Lola and ask if Jay-jay had really bthe hospital.I really wanted to see her.They were in the back of the house, where the laundry wshe were gathering the clothes from the line."Lola..." I called, and she glanced at me for a moment.Tita Gema smiled at me and approached. She bent downwere at eye level."How are you? I thought you were playing with your Ku"TitaLaraishisplaymatenow"

 "You want to study, right?"I nodded eagerly."...I will send you to school." She said, full of joy.My eyes widened at what she said. I couldn't stop myselfreally wanted that. I would be able to study."Really?""Yes. And you'll study at the same school your Kuya wenMy smile faded. "Where is that?""Close to our place."Does this mean I will really go with them? Is what Tita LI live with them because Mama doesn't want me anymor"Tita Lara told me that you'll take me and won't bring metrue?"Gradually, the smile disappeared from her face. She pickme down on the floor under the table where the clothes searlier were placed."Because, Aries... Jay-jay needs to be looked after carefuandneedsconstantattention"Shesigheddeeply"Soy

 I looked down. Jay-jay knows how much I want to go to tell her that I'll teach her what I learn there."No.""So, you'll study first. You can see each other every vacaI didn't know how to answer. I really didn't want to be awWhat if Mama needs to work? Who will be with her? WhI really don't want this.I was in Kuya Angelo's room when I overheard Lola andThey were talking about me, so I couldn't help but listen."The child doesn't have a birth certificate," said Tita."How does he not? His full name is Aries Fernandez, JeaLola."Only Jay-jay is registered.""Why is that? How will Aries enroll in school?""Maybe they can do a late registration."I didn't understand what a birth certificate or registrationwhatever it is, why don't I have one? Why does it seem lihasone?

 "Mama! Are you picking me up? Are we going home?" Ilooked at me."Where's your Tita Gema?"I let go of the hug and pointed to the house. She walked tdidn't see me. I followed her.I saw Tita Lara standing by the door, hands in her pocketcold stare."Where's Gema," Mama said to her."Inside," Tita answered lazily.Mama went inside and looked for what she was after. I wher, but Tita grabbed my head to stop me."Stay here. It's an adult conversation."I removed her hand from my head. "I told you, Mama is We're going home."She didn't say anything, but there was something in her swhat it was, but it felt like she didn't believe what I said.Before long, we heard shouting inside the house. Even ththe house looked over. I could hear Mama's voice, followthfTit

 The shouting paused for a moment until suddenly, Mamawas furious and headed straight for me.She sat down so we were face to face. I saw a tear fall froShe quickly wiped it away."Aries... Listen," she said, holding my face. "...For now, Tita Gema. She'll send you to school. She'll feed you. Shand clothes..." She sighed deeply. "...For now, you'll be wI shook my head. "I don't want to. I want to be with Jay-j"It's not possible yet. I promise I'll come back for you ontake you back."I couldn't stop myself from crying. "I don't want to! You  before. You didn't come back to get me!""Because I needed to take care of Jay-jay.""She's the only one you love! You probably want to giveyou don't want me! You don't love me!""Aries! It's not like that. You're still young, you can't und"No! You're lying! You're going to give me away!"She tried to hug me, but I quickly ran and hid behind TitathiitTitG

 "You look so sad! You should be happy!"I looked up at her. "Why would I be happy?""Because you'll be out of my sight!" She said and laugheThat might be a good thing, since she's mean to kids. SheEven my other cousins who visit here, she fights with the"Aries." Tita Gema called me as she walked closer. "...Arabout to leave."I shook my head in response. "I didn't get to say goodbyemight look for me.""You'll still see her during vacation.""Okay." That's all I could say.Kuya Angelo came out of the house with his bag. He glamoment before turning to Tita Gema."Let's go?"Tita nodded at him, and they said their goodbyes to Lolame I would be happy there, even though that's not how I We got in the car, and when it started moving, I felt like IwassittingnexttoKuyaAngeloandhekeptglancingat

 Every vacation, I would go back to Lola's house and thentheir new house. It wasn't far from our old house.I'd take my bike, which was a gift from Kuya Angelo, to quickly saw her on the road, and as usual, she didn't have"Aries!" She called me while waving.She could say my name clearly now. It was cute, but it al"...He's my cousin." She said to her playmates. "...I'm gowhile."Cousin.I didn't understand why she saw me that way. I know shewhen I left, but I didn't expect her to forget so quickly whI tried to push that thought out of my mind. I smiled for alooked at her seriously."You don't have slippers again! Where are they?" I askedShe looked at me confused. "What? Are you speaking in"Your slippers! Where are they?!"She scratched her neck. "They threw them on the roof."

 As we rode, the wind hit us, and her hair kept flying in thaccident, I glanced at the back of her neck and saw a straShe had it on the back of her ear too, and some parts of hI stopped the bike, and she was confused."What? Why did we stop?" She asked."What happened here?" I asked, holding her arm."Aahhh... It hurts!" She screamed and pulled her arm awDon't mind it.""Where did you get that?"she shook her head and tried to avoid my gaze. I had a baThe last time we met, I noticed bruises and cuts on her.I knew she didn't get those from just fighting with someo"Is your stepfather hurting you?" I asked without hesitatiSuddenly, she jumped off the bike. She turned her back o"I'm going home. Let's play tomorrow." She said and ranI was about to follow her, but I didn't want to anger her shad remarried.

 I stopped, and so did it. I looked at the car, annoyed.After a while, the window rolled down. A man wearing sme."Are you Aries?" He asked.I didn't answer. I stared at him closely, and for some reasstarted beating faster. I turned away from him and pedalea turn down an alley to make sure he couldn't follow me.I stopped before reaching the end of the alley and the maI looked behind me. I was out of breath from what I had jThe feeling I had because of that man was strange.I couldn't stop thinking about him. What was worse was him outside our school. Just like today, while I was waiti pick me up.His car was parked nearby. The window was down, and coming out from the cigarette he was smoking."Aries!" Kuya called me while running. "...Sorry I'm lateI immediately followed him. There were times I glanced didn't move from its spot.

 Chapter 242: Happy FamilAries's POV*Continuation Of Flashback...*"Are you ready yet?" Percy asked, making a face at me.I heard Yuri and Keifer laughing loudly."What the hell?!" That was all I could answer."Seriously, Percy? What were you thinking?" Yuri asked"I'm older than you guys, so I should be taller." He replieour heights.He was the shortest among us, while Keifer was the talleunfair because technically, he was the youngest of us all.There was a two-year age gap between them, one year beand a month between me and Yuri. It really showed that youngest."Maybe you didn't get enough sleep." Yuri teased.

 down his shorts and briefs.He scratched his neck and looked away. For the second t best of him. We all burst into laughter.I wanted to introduce Jay-jay to them, but they didn't knothat I had a sibling from my real mother. I could say she they'd probably wonder why I was so close to her.Especially Keifer, who was good at suspecting things. Heveryone around him was lying to him. I didn't want to inPercy either because I didn't know what he might say or  problem with Yuri though."I think I need to go home. It's late, and Hahaoya might g"What's Hahaoya?" Percy asked."That's 'Mother' in Nihongo."He nodded and then suddenly came closer to me."I bet Yuri is a Mama's boy." He whispered to me."I heard you." Yuri said, glaring at him.I just shook my head, laughing. We each went home aftegoodbyes. Keifer lived the farthest away. His house was 

 ones than those.When I arrived home, all the lights were on. That meant awake, and I was in trouble with Kuya again. I quietly endoor and saw Mama talking on the phone."Okay. We'll be home soon." She said, worriedly.I froze as I watched her. For some reason, Jay-jay was th popped into my mind."Where have you been?" Kuya asked authoritatively. "...and get your things. We're going to Lola's house now.""Did something happen?"Mama answered my question. "Your sister is missing."I didn't understand. There were a lot of people in front ofThey were also talking to the police."Oh, that kid's been hurt for a long time. All the men Jeaher." An elderly person told the police."They were making noise after the kid screamed loudly."another police officer."Then the kid suddenly ran, all covered in blood. Her cloh'tih"Addd

 I didn't look at her. I wasn't in the mood to talk to her. I waway when she grabbed me by the collar of my shirt."Come with me." She said, not looking at me.We passed by the crowd of people and police outside. Hethat I almost tripped."What the hell?! Let go of me!""Wait! Let's rent a ride!" She said and flagged down an in"...Get in!" She pushed me inside."Where are we going?"She didn't answer. She faced the tricycle driver."Hey... Go to my sister's house."I was sure she was referring to Jay-jay's house. I didn't sawhole ride until we stopped in front of a house with a yeAuntie got out, and so did I."What are we doing here?" I asked."We're going to find Jay-jay." She said, arms crossed.IfurrowedmybrowsIfthepolicecouldn'tfindherhow

 I scratched my head. She really thought she was so cleveShe grabbed me by the collar of my shirt again and practinto the tricycle.I felt like I was going to get sick from being with her.It seemed like we'd already visited every neighboring vilWe almost got into a fight because of the noise coming fcompanion.The sky had darkened by the time we decided to have a shad some money with me. I'd be embarrassed if I had to who was bold enough to rent a tricycle but had no moneyWe were at the plaza now, sitting on a plant box, though like trash was planted there instead of actual plants. I reaeating, but my companion was so persistent. It seemed li planning to shove a stick down my throat."Eat that! Eat it!" She said, forcing me to eat the fishball I winced at her cruelty. She had no mercy. Sometimes, I wsome kind of dark creature."Where could that kid be?" She muttered to herself."Sh'bbltifiddiht"

 She had already mentioned every possible bad outcome fnow she was talking about her becoming homeless. I coufrustrated and buried my face in my hands.I heard the sound of her cellphone ringing. She looked at pressing buttons."Let's go... Your brother's looking for you."Brother?She stood up, and I followed suit. We were walking dowwhen I noticed a kid sitting by a trash bin, staring blanklyI stared at him, and my shock and joy were overwhelminrecognized him."JAY-JAY!" I screamed, pointing down the road.I crossed the street without waiting for my aunt. Cars honof what I did.As I approached, I immediately hugged her."Jay! What happened to you? We've been looking everywsaid, but she didn't even move.She just stared ahead, lost in thought.

 "It's clearly a sign of traumatic disorder. Dissociative amsometimes be experienced by the victim," the doctor saidWe were all stunned when she told us that she couldn't rehappened.Lola gave the doctor a name, but Jay-jay didn't recognizeBut the doctor said it seemed normal."How long will he be like this?""It depends on the patient, but I suggest taking her to chitrauma treatment."They spoke for a while about possible actions. I chose tothe room. She was sitting and reaching for her back."What are you doing?" I asked her."What did they treat on my back?"She had a large wound on her back. She said it was causestepmother.She burned her with a hot iron."Y-you have a wound."

 She lay down on her side, still frowning."Where's Mama?" She asked, stopping me in my tracks.The truth is, I don't even know where she is. Ever since whaven't seen her. The last I heard about her was that she w"I don't know. Maybe she's on her way here. I'll tell Mam"Okay. Thanks," she replied and closed her eyes.Wherever she is, I hope she comes here to check on Jay-jBecause of the incident, Jay-jay ended up staying with Ltake care of her to ensure her well-being.I just hope she's okay there, I still worry about her. Especwith that aunt of ours, who seems to be angry at the worl"You're quiet. Are you about to poop?" Percy asked, makHere we go again."No." I answered flatly."You're still shy. Just say it. It's just between us.""I said no. Stop it!"

 "We just got back.""How's your cousin? What was her name again? Jason? J"Jay-jay.""Boy or girl?" Keifer asked, sounding genuinely interesteI raised an eyebrow. He's quick to get interested when it'I had no plans to introduce him to her."Just—" I didn't finish my sentence when Percy suddenlyof us."I found your spot. You can just cover it up later," he said"Huh?" We all answered in unison."Aren't you about to poop?" he asked me.I just shook my head and turned around. The three of theWe talked about a lot of things, but most of it was about family.His mom finally gained the courage to leave his dad. Thelot, but Jay-jay's situation was even worse.

 "What?! You can't miss it," Percy insisted."Fine, I'll come."My plan didn't go as expected. I didn't visit Jay-jay, and t passed without me going home to Lola's.Whenever I'm with these three, I forget about the things Even my assignments and school projects. Yuri's the luckreally mind forgetting those things. He's quick to catch uexams."Have you seen Percy?" Keifer asked me when I stepped"No. Why?""That idiot won't introduce me to Freya."I raised an eyebrow. Freya Hidalgo? I think I know wher"Let's go to the court," I suggested, and he followed me.The court wasn't far from our room. As we got closer, I sruckus with the guys. He seemed to be sneaking a peek alike everyone else."Percy!" I called, and he looked at us.Heseemedflusteredandunsureofwhattodo

 "Where are you going to high school?" Yuri asked me."At the school my brother went to.""Which one? He's been to a lot," he said, laughing.I laughed too. My brother transferred schools often becauinto fights, and Mama tried her best to straighten out his that her efforts didn't really work.We had to go home to Lola's. We found out that my brothwithout us knowing. Lola had asked him to go to the schmess Jay-jay got involved in.I was shocked when he admitted to us what Jay-jay had bheard that she got into fights, but I didn't know it had escshe was sitting on the couch with her knees pulled up to hdown, not talking to anyone in front of her."Are you listening?!" My brother asked angrily.She didn't answer. She glanced at me for a moment and tagain."You, a girl, getting into fistfights! Are you even thinkingadded.WhthikbtitJjdIiiil

 He tried to follow Jay, but Mama immediately blocked h"Let her be for now!""I'll follow her," I said, and they allowed me to go.At first, I thought she went to the street, but I saw her hea back, where there was a big tree."Jay!" I called out, but she didn't pay attention to me. "...She glanced at me with furrowed brows but immediately"Wow, you came back here?" She asked sarcastically.A lot had changed in her, but one thing remained the samlike a guy, even though her appearance was very feminin"Are you mad at me?""No. Is there any reason for me to be mad at you?"I asked the wrong question. It was obvious she was mad  because of our last conversation and because I hadn't visI looked at the basketball sitting in the corner. I grabbed dribbling."ComeonLet'splay"Isuggested

 "Oh, is that what it was? What—""Just treat me, okay?" She cut me off.I looked up at her. She was looking in another direction,  put the ball down and dug into my pocket for some mone"Let's go..."To make it up to Jay-jay, I chose to celebrate my birthdayhelp but smile. She thought it was only my 13th birthdayknow I had already turned 14.Maybe I'll tell her later."I have a question for you," she said while eating. "...I he brother. Is that true?"I froze and slowly looked at her. It's still unclear to her wcouldn't stop feeling sad.I'm your brother."Is that true?" She asked again."Y-yeah... He's older than you.""I thought we were twins. You were the one on my mindcontinuingtoeat

 "Come on! You're too weak! And you know how to driveI sighed. I think I know what they're planning. We once tcar without permission, but only Yuri was with me at thathey've already heard about what we did."I don't have a license.""That's fine. When you get home, just call me right awayHe hung up before I could answer. When I hung up the pthe window. Jay-jay was at the gate, talking to a man.I went out and approached him. My brows furrowed quicwho he was. I couldn't be wrong—it was the guy who hame before."Jay-jay!" I called, but before she could turn to face me, her mouth and dragged her away. "Let go of her!"I tried to fight and help Jay, but another man grabbed metried to force us into a van."Who are you?!" Jay-jay screamed as we were put into th"What do you want?!" I asked.The van started moving without us getting any answers. Whth?Whdhlfll?

 Chapter 243: BasementAries's POV*Continuation OfFlashback...*"Aries..." Jay-jay whispered to me.I opened my eyes, but it was too dark, and I couldn't see My back was cold, and only then did I realize I was lyingI slowly sat up."Jay... Where are you?"Someone grabbed my arm. "Aries."I knew it was her. I took her hand and pulled her closer tI hugged her tightly."Where are we?" Her voice was shaking. "Where did thoI couldn't remember much about what happened. Becausearlier, they put me to sleep with a handkerchief that had

 "There's a window," Jay-jay said.I looked at where she pointed. There was indeed a small too high. It was almost touching the ceiling.It was because of that window that a little light came intomorning, and only then did it become clear where we weIt looked like the basement of our house. There were pilesofa set that looked even older than me, boxes of clothesmiscellaneous items. There was a full-body mirror and anlooked like it didn't work."Can you reach it?" She asked.I tried to climb up the boxes to reach, but we heard a loufollowed by footsteps and the sound of keys.I quickly jumped down and moved to Jay's side. I hid herwaited for whoever was coming inside.The door opened, and the man who had been following mHe was holding a tray full of food and a gallon of water."Your food," he said before closing the door behind him.He placed the tray on the old coffee table and sat on the sftHllitdtthttthif

 Jay-jay and I exchanged glances, but before I could movsomething that stopped me."You look alike."My heart started racing faster, and a lot of thoughts spun pointing to this man. Could it be... No!"Aries," he called my name and stood up. "...We have theI stepped back, and so did Jay. He moved closer to me, s"Your mom was really serious about what she said. She nme to you."I swallowed hard as he grew more serious and turned hiswho was behind me.I tried to hide her behind me, but he laughed slightly."I'll be back here, so make sure to eat well," he said and tHe exited the door, and I heard the sound of keys again.Then came the sound of metal hitting the wall.I couldn't help but feel weak. I had never looked for a fatthought he was dead.

 "Jay! You're just making a mess."I looked at her, but she wasn't answering anymore. All I  boxes, but she was nowhere to be found."Jay?"I stood up from the floor and approached where she was "Jay? What the—?" I stopped when I saw her inside a larshe had fallen asleep, that's why she hadn't been answerinwrapped in some clothes used as a blanket. She had beenearlier, so I guess she got tired.I always said we'd go home eventually, but it felt like thahappen. I didn't want to lose hope.While watching Jay, I suddenly got an idea.I quickly fixed the boxes and put back everything she haI also rearranged everything back to its proper place.I just hope this works!As expected, he brought food again. I covered Jay's mouwouldn't make any noise.

 "Dammit! They might have escaped!" he shouted and ranI didn't hear him close the door, so I immediately ran out jay. As expected, he thought we had escaped."Do you think... he left?" Jay asked me.I nodded as a response, though deep down, I wasn't sure.the door and peeked outside. I was greeted by a concrete"I'll go first," I said, taking a step up the stairs.I moved slowly, and when I reached the top, I saw a met be the metal sound we've been hearing every time he broIt was open. I peered out, and when I was sure there was signaled Jay to come closer, but it seemed unnecessary bturned around, she was already behind me."Sorry, I couldn't wait," she said with a smile.We quietly walked outside. We found ourselves in a largewas complete silence, so I felt more confident to just wal peeked out of the nearest window."Where are we?" Jay whispered.I shook my head. "I don't know."

 Think, Aries!"Aries... th-there's someone... coming," Jay said, tremblinI panicked even more. I looked around for somewhere towere walls. Damn it! I had no choice but to run in some dJay and didn't let go.We turned a corner, went up the stairs, and entered someidea where we were. Gasping for air, I was forced to stopspinning from exhaustion and hunger."Aries! A door!" Jay said happily, pointing to a door not Without hesitation, I ran towards it, but before I could grJay slipped from my grip. I looked back at her and froze.He grabbed Jay and pressed a knife to her neck. He was fme."I've been looking for you everywhere!"A hard slap sent me to the ground. My face went numb, amove."You smart little brat! But you won't outsmart me!" he yeto pay a lot for someone to adopt you, so why would I letIthtllthibt?M?Htkf

 I heard him laugh. "I'll let you go now. Once I get the motogether anymore, so enjoy the time you have!"He pushed Jay towards me. I caught her, but we both fellweakness. He grinned at me like a demon before leavingman.We were silent as they left, but not long after, I heard Jaycrying, and I couldn't stop myself from crying either becasituation.I felt so weak. I couldn't even defend Jay-jay. I was her oshould be the one she can lean on, but I was the first to gus.I was useless."I-I want to go home," Jay said.I wanted that too, but I didn't know how."Sorry," was all I could say."Your sorry won't change anything."Her words froze me. I slowly got up and looked at her, ficonfusion."Ik'tbtd'tthiliktht"

 I didn't know how many hours I had been awake, but I cofelt different. I had been scared before, but I was more scdidn't know why. My breathing was tightening, even thochoking me.It was dark, and the only light we had was what came thrThere was a light bulb on the ceiling, but the switch seemJay was peacefully asleep beside me. I envied her becaussleep despite our situation. She hadn't spoken to me sinceI wanted to leave here. What if it's true that he will separhappen to us then? To Jay-jay?I heard the sound of the metal door opening from outsidecoming, so I quickly woke Jay."What now?!" She snapped at me and turned her back."Jay! Get up—" I couldn't finish what I was saying becausuddenly opened.He was holding handcuffs and a handkerchief. He walkequickly, and I stood up and backed up against the wall. Jand didn't seem to hear anything."It's time... Angelo paid me well for this," he said with a ldhl?hb?ld'b

 "No, I won't!"I couldn't stop him from putting the handcuffs on one of  panicked and screamed."Shit! Jay-jay!""Shut up!" he said, trying to cover my mouth."No!"We both froze when we heard the sound of a car horn. Hdoor, looking scared. I immediately realized that he hadnhorn. It could be that it didn't come from his companions people!"Help! Somebody help us!""Shut up, I said!""Kuya Angelo! Mom!""You're a pain!" he said angrily, slapping me."Jay! Wake up, please!"I ignored the pain. What mattered to me was escaping froreached for one of my hands to cuff me, but suddenly somawayfrommeItwasn'tastrongpushbutitwasenough

 sending her flying somewhere."Jay-jay!" I screamed, running towards her.I hadn't even seen her clearly when the monster pulled magain to cuff my hand."Let go of Aries!"Jay-jay!He tackled us and tried pulling my hand away from the chitting my hand with the other one. I seized the opportunkicked him in various places, and he grimaced in pain."What the heck?! Stop, you kid!""Let go, I said! Let go of me! I won't leave without Jay!"Something came to mind, and I kicked him where it hurtfrom the pain but still held onto us. Jay wasted no time ascreams grew louder from the double pain.I was free, but Jay-jay wasn't, and in the blink of an eye, my eyes. He slapped Jay with all his strength, and Jay wedoor. I saw her head hit, but I wasn't sure if she was hurt"JAY!" I shouted, about to approach, but she stood up on

 "Don't be afraid... We'll treat this." I said, looking aroundThe monster was still in pain. It would have been a goodto escape, but I was panicking over what was happening. bleeding on her head.The cuffs were a hindrance to my hand, so I focused on rfirst. They weren't very tight, so I slipped my hand out ea beside Jay.I stood up and walked toward the boxes, hoping I could ftreat the wound. I almost threw everything around but stianything. I grabbed my own hair in frustration.What should I do? What if something happens to Jay?"Hey, kid." The monster called as he slowly stood up.I braced myself to fight him. I wasn't going to let fear con protect my sister. I looked behind him and saw Jay standcuffs in her right hand.It seemed the monster noticed where I was looking, so he just as he turned, the cuff hit his jaw. Jay punched him wfist like brass knuckles.He fell, blood flowing from his jaw and neck. His skin wcuff. I stepped back. Something was wrong!

 seemed like she didn't care. I was about to take another swhen I heard the monster speak."Y-you damn kid."He tried to stand up. Blood kept pouring from his jaw.He was turning pale and looked like he was going to collmoment.We heard the sound of sirens. I knew it came from the poseemed to be nearby. I turned my gaze back to the monstcrawling away.I looked back at Jay, but I was shocked when she suddenwith the cuffs. I stepped back and managed to avoid it, band fell to the ground."Jay! What's wrong with you?!"She was crying, and it seemed like she was afraid of somas she slowly walked towards me. She quickly raised heragain, but I managed to dodge it, and it hit the mirror behThe glass shattered, and pieces fell everywhere.She dropped the cuffs, and I saw blood on her fist. It seemherself.

 "Jay."I tried to approach him, but her hand quickly grabbed a pglass. Without hesitation, she lunged at me with it. I blocarm, and it landed there."Argh!" I screamed from the pain."You're going to hurt me too. All of you." She said while"H-hy, I won't do that," I pleaded with her.She took another step toward me. I couldn't move back alunged at me again with the glass, and I couldn't block it It hit just below my left chest.I screamed loudly. I grabbed Jay's arm to stop her, but I fglass sink deeper into my flesh."JAY! NO!"It felt like my skin and flesh were being torn apart.I couldn't hold on any longer, so despite myself, I kickedglass being pulled from my body. It was painful! So painBut that wasn't all I felt. My breathing was getting tightebloodinmymouth

 My vision was blurring. I couldn't breathe or move.Maybe this was it.Why did you do this to me, Jay?

 Chapter 244: Cousins for rAries's POV*Continuation Of Flashback...*I hear something. A repetitive beep sound, followed by aSlowly, I opened my eyes, but everything was blurry. It w"He's awake," I heard a woman say.I tried to move my gaze in another direction. It was blurrsomething moving, and there was some light. I tried to opspeak, but my throat was dry. I couldn't move properly, a"Check the vitals," I heard a man's voice say.After a while, my vision adjusted on its own. I could undstill alive, and I was in the hospital. It didn't take long forcome back to me. Why I was in the hospital, and why I wJayhadtriedtokillme!

 "A week or two from now. It depends on when you can sdoctor answered.I wanted to leave. I felt strange in this place. I didn't like hospital. We all looked at the door when we heard a knocown, and Percy, Yuri, and Keifer entered.They brought a cake, ice cream, and balloons. The doctoand left. Kuya followed him out."Hello, Tita!" Percy greeted Mom with joy."Hello, too. Thank you for coming," Mom replied."Sorry, Tita, this is all we brought. We didn't know what Yuri said while placing the cake on the table near us."It's okay, it seems like you're the only ones who will eatyet," Mom explained, and they all looked at me."Poor you, Pre... I'll eat the one for you." Percy smiled. "circumcision?"He quickly got a tap on the head from Keifer. I guess he expression hadn't changed. I couldn't smile. I couldn't do"Are you okay?" Yuri asked me.Illddd"Iijtk"Fiht

 "Happy Birthday to you... Happy Birthday to you... Happ birthday... Happy Birthday, Aries!" they sang as they brocloser to me.They blew party horns and threw confetti. I tried to smiledidn't feel anything. My heart felt numb."T-thank you," I said and blew out the candle.As soon as I lifted my gaze, I saw Jay-jay at the door. Shgift while wearing a patient gown. But as I blinked, the Jholding a piece of glass, covered in blood.I backed away, and my wound ached, causing Percy to p"Pre! Are you okay?" he asked."I'll call the doctor," Mom said as she walked out.When I looked again, Jay was gone. I slowly started to bagain."I-I'm okay," I said and lay back down.The doctor and Mom came back. They examined me for convinced them that I had just moved the wrong way, whwound to hurt.ItMhfitbhllhd'thd

 I shook my head. "W-who?""Why are you affected?" he asked again."I-I just got surprised."He didn't ask again but didn't take his eyes off me, almosstudying me. He could really tell when someone was lyinI can't sleep. Every time I close my eyes, I see her face. Estained hand won't leave my mind. My sister tried to kill "Aries..." Kuya called me. "...what's wrong?""N-nightmares.""You have trauma, expect nightmares almost every nightover to the table to get some water. "...we can visit a psycwant."He handed me a glass of water. I drank before answering"I don't think that's necessary."I returned the glass to him. He put it back on the table an previous spot. I laid down properly and tried to close myher image came back to my mind, it felt like my breathin"It'ssoquietHeprobablypooped"Percysaid

 "Honestly, I'm not full from what we're eating," Keifer sa pizza box on the table.The pizza's finished, and he's still not full?"Yeah, pizza's not really filling," Percy added."When can you leave the hospital?" Yuri asked me."They said next week, I can go home.""That's a long time!" Percy complained and laid down on"Why did you ask?"Yuri shook his head. "It's so boring here.""And it's making me hungry," Keifer added as he searchetable."You can eat outside. I can take care of myself. I'll call a happens."Percy quickly stood up. "Let's go. Aries is fine."The rascal started walking towards the door, but before hYuri stopped him."Areyoucrazy?Ariesisapatientweshouldneverleave

 "Yeah."Yuri nodded and stood up. "We'll be back soon."I nodded as well and watched them leave the room. But bcould close, someone stopped it. My brows furrowed in cSlowly, the person peeked in. My breathing started to tig pain in my wound flared up. I turned my head away and "A-Aries..." she called me.I couldn't breathe.I gripped the blanket tightly. I couldn't move, and it felt lconfined space."How are you? Sorry I'm just getting here. I've been feelitime."Even though I didn't look at her, I knew she was getting deep breath to calm myself. I opened my eyes and saw Jawhile standing by my side."Are you feeling bad? Do you want me to call a doctor?"quickly shook my head.I glanced at her bandaged hands. There were bruises on hfthkidiShlhdbdh

 "Don't!" I shouted at her. "Don't touch me.""Aries. I'll call a doctor.""No!"I looked at her, and for some unknown reason, all I felt wher."P-please... Jay. Don't come near me. D-don't talk to me I knew what I did was wrong. I shouldn't have pushed Jacould I do? I couldn't handle it when she was close to me"It's so quiet!" Percy shouted, breaking our attention.Even Keifer and Yuri weren't speaking since we all met u"I'm bored," Keifer answered."I'm tired," Yuri said."I'm thinking," I said."I'm handsome," Percy said.We all looked at him at the same time, raising an eyebrowone able to joke and smile in this situation.

 "I can buy as many cars as I want. But I don't have a liceall.""You're so unlucky..." he replied with a mischievous smiwait for one more year, and I can get a student license.""Wait for our licenses. Our cars will be better than yoursIt was clear the rascal wasn't backing down, so I spoke upconversation."Just use Kuya's car," I said, bored.They all looked at me and nodded. I knew Kuya wasn't huse his car.We went back to our house to execute our plan. I peekedto make sure no one would see me, then I had Percy openKuya's car keys were in his room. I quietly walked there.his door because Mama doesn't like it.I immediately spotted the keys on his study table. I quickand hurried out to the car. I was going to drive because I who knew how to.Kuya was the one who taught me. I started the car and drhouse, then had them close the gate. Once I was sure evehlli

  between us at first."Are you okay?" he broke the silence."H-huh?""Ever since you got out of the hospital, you've changed aHere he goes again."N-nothing... I just haven't been sleeping well."He didn't say anything, but he gave me that meaningful lHis instinctive ability to read people is so annoying! Whysmart? He's good at reading people. Weird!I looked across the street. Yuri and Percy were crossing,  plastic bags each. What I found odd was that one of the pwas holding seemed heavy.Once they got back in the car, I immediately checked whMy brows furrowed when I saw the cans of beer they had"Percy... we're all minors," I reminded him.He grinned widely. "We're the law now."

 Yuri answered for me. "He's going to drive, and he just ghospital."I turned my back to them and looked at the city again. Thlike toys because of how small they appeared."Aries..." Keifer called me.I looked at him, and there it was again — that strange wame. He took a sip from the beer he was holding."...you still haven't told us what happened to you."I shook my head. "Maybe next time.""Now, bro!" Percy said eagerly. "...What did your kidnap"Typical scenes.""Like the ones in the movies?" Yuri asked.I walked over to sit beside them. "Yeah."We fell silent. It was as if they were waiting for me to saywasn't ready to tell them yet. I quietly touched my woundIt was slowly healing, but not the wound inside me.Jay

 We all grimaced. If anyone should be worried, it should bof the huge inheritance waiting for him, from his grandpainherited from his mom."Seriously, guys... If something happens to me, you'll taksiblings, even Freya," Percy said seriously.We all looked at him seriously too. What he said was sca"I'm not doing that," Keifer quickly replied.Percy shot him a glare. "See? This is what happens.""If I agree, you'll slack off and let something bad happenexplained."Of course, that's not what would happen!" Percy defend"Nothing bad will happen to you, because you're the one bad things that happened to us," Yuri joked, and it lookedabout to charge at him, but Yuri stopped him."Is it drizzling?" he said, looking up with his hand outstrI also looked up to feel it, but the drizzle I was expectingheavy downpour. We all panicked. Everyone scrambled tand hurriedly got back into the car."Whdiditi?!"Kiflldil

 "Let's wait until the rain calms down," Yuri suggested.I checked the time on the small digital clock in front of thKuya must have already come home. I'm really going to "We can't stay here too long," I said, trying to start the caanything at all."Don't force it. We might get into an accident," Yuri warnstopped."We'll stay here for now," Percy said as he adjusted his sI followed what they said. We waited for the rain to lessesitting in the car for almost an hour. Keifer had fallen asllong we'd been waiting. He's the impatient type.Another hour passed, and I decided to try starting the carmust be looking for us. The worst part is, the sky was getonly made it harder for me to drive."This is dangerous, bro..." Percy stopped me."No choice. It'll be harder for us if it gets darker."He didn't say anything and just let me continue. We movespecially since the road was going downhill. But the heaeven worse by a sudden flash of lightning followed by a 

 "The radio isn't working here," Percy said without lookinI angrily turned the switch off. I had to prepare myself foalso needed a good excuse for why I took his car withoutI closed my eyes and rubbed the space between my eyes.thinking of what I could do, suddenly, there was another and when I opened my eyes, I saw Jay-jay's face.My breathing tightened again. Sweat poured down my fathe car's air conditioning was on. My hands were tremblisteering wheel and tried to start the car."Bro... wait," Percy said, sitting up straight.I ignored him and kept driving. My wound throbbed alon beating of my heart."Are you okay, Aries?" Yuri asked."W-we need to go home."Both he and Percy shrugged. They started talking about tunderstand. I didn't bother to listen anymore because all mind was getting home.The sky grew darker quickly due to the bad weather. We the dangerous road of Danger's Hills, so I tried to calm m

 Chapter 245: Say goodbyeAries's POV*Continuation Of Flashback...*Jay-jay....w-why?"Aries!"Slowly, I opened my eyes. Everything was blurry, and I ffeel anything, and it seemed like I couldn't move."Wake up! Aries!" Someone shouted angrily.Only two people I know speak English when they're angPercy. I tried to move my hands, but they wouldn't coopeat the front of the car.W-why does it seem like—?!Where am I?! No! Where are Keifer, Yuri, and Percy?! I from the back, but I only saw Percy. Bloodied and trembWhat happened?

 "W-what was that?"Percy took a deep breath. "W-we're on the edge of a cliffCliff?I peeked out the window beside me. The front of the car wheel was hanging over the cliff. The car could fall anytI didn't know what to do. My mind went blank. Is this whdie? I survived what Jay did, but now I'm going to end up"W-what do we do, Percy?" I asked him.He looked at me as if saying there was no hope left."Open the door beside you." He commanded.I did as he said and was shocked when it came off from wattached to the car. That caused the car to shake even moonto the steering wheel and the seat.The car stopped moving. I took a deep breath to calm mywhat I needed to do if I panicked."P-Percy." I called out to him, wanting to ask what to dowhen I saw him smiling at me."Yyouhavetojumpout"Hesaidwithabrokenvoic

 I can't. I can't just leave him here."You have to. T-this is the only way." He replied, tears fa"...my siblings, please. And Freya..." he smiled bitterly. "her that her boyfriend tried to be a superhero.""No, Percy! Ask anything else."He shook his head while wiping his tears. "You have to lseriously."Percy! No! I can't!""Get out! Leave me here!""No! I'm not leaving you here!""Do it! Leave me here!"He grabbed me by the collar of my shirt. His tears continhis hand."O-only one of us can s-survive today....don't waste this "I-I can't."He smiled at me again. That smile that says everything's That smile he always gives us.

 A river was at the bottom of the cliff. The current was strwas muddy. I clearly saw how quickly the water swallow"P-Percy..."*EndOfFlashback...*Slowly, I opened my eyes. The light peeking through theme. I turned my head to the other direction, and Jay-jay, greeted me.She was even drooling while sleeping.I can't hold my smile because of her face. Yup! She's defI flicked her forehead to wake her up, but it didn't work.I tried to get up but stopped when I saw what was on mywas almost touching my face.I moved her leg and gently pushed her, but she still didn'still sound asleep even though she fell asleep before me l"Sigh... I can't believe this." I whispered to myself.I got up from her bed and grabbed my phone from the befrowned when I saw a text message from an unknown nuFrom:+639**********

 Could it be?----------------------------------Jay-jay POVI held the fork and was ready to strike. I quickly stabbed  plate, but I had an opponent. There was another fork stabhotdog I was eyeing.There's one more fork.I could totally play that scene from a movie—when the vface off. Accompanied by an intense glare in the middle Hehehe, this feels so cinematic."This is mine," I said threateningly."No, this is mine," came the reply from my opponent, noPerena—er, I mean, the horoscope guy."This is mine! I got here first!""Jay! You've eaten seven hotdogs already.""Seriously, it's only five," I explained as I slowly pulled me.

 Still holding my neck, I looked at him in confusion. "Wh'learn'?""Those things you're saying—about the hotdog," he saidat me."Well, he really does have his own hotdog! There, in his his plate with two untouched hotdogs.Aries acted oblivious while continuing to eat. I glanced bhe seemed embarrassed. It looked like he was reading thewas upside down.Maybe Kuya's brain is full of moss.Since we finished our breakfast—hotdogs, eggs, and bacto settle for pandesal. I was still hungry. I wanted to eat m"So where are you going to 'room'?" Aries suddenly askeI looked at Kuya for a moment before answering. "M-magymnasium or the open auditorium at school."I heard the sound of the newspaper folding beside me. I kto ask. He didn't know we'd been officially kicked out ofwere going to end up in the swamp."What do you mean? Why are you going to 'room' in thekddifd

 "...answer me.""Because..." I scratched my head."...They kicked us out of the room," I quickly said, but it seemed like heunderstood."WHAT?!"I acted like I was checking the time, even though I didn't know where thewall clock was."Wow, look at that! I'm going to be late. I need to get ready."I quickly stood up and didn't wait for Kuya to say anything. I ran to myroom and locked the door. I really hoped he wouldn't rush to the school.That would cause a whole new scene.I grabbed my cellphone and checked for messages from him, but there werenone. I threw it onto the bed and grabbed my towel before heading straightto the bathroom.At least the ghost knows how to make itself known.It's embarrassing for the King of Snakes. It seems like he has no intention of coming back here. I was already under the shower when something crossedmy mind.What if that idiot already has a girl? He's in another country. There are plenty of beautiful women there, tall and well-endowed. It's not impossible —damn you, King!!!I really hope that idiot is not flirting with anyone. I'll board a plane, even if it's just on the wing or the wheels, just to get to where he is. I'll make himfeel the pain of revenge.Your eyes will be unscathed.

 Even your... there, I'll mark it with a whip. You'll crawl in beat you with curses."Just don't go around flirting with women," I said, continshower.After finishing my bathroom routine, I got dressed. I wasI heard a knock on the door. Without thinking, I opened iHoroscope for today."Hurry up. We're going to be late," he said irritably beforI blinked in confusion. What?! Did he just say "we"? Wothat mean...? It does!I'm being dramatic, but I'm kind of happy.Wow! Is this it? Is this the sign that everything's okay bethere's no more fighting? We're okay now, like that!Smiling, I grabbed my bag and ran out of my room. Thatfrom something so simple. A shallow reason, but for me,It's official! Everything is alright now between me and m predict the future.When I stepped outside, I saw him standing by his car. Hto get in the passenger seat next to the driver. I, being exllliih

 "You're weird," he whispered, though I heard it."I'm just happy," I replied."And why?""Because we're okay now. You've accepted how beautifuSuddenly, he laughed and shook his head. I let it go since probably happy about us making up.We reached the school, and he didn't let me get out. I stay parked the car. I was grinning from ear to ear as I unbuck"Thank you," I said to him."For what?"I shook my head. "Nothing. I just wanted to say it."He smiled and signaled for me to come closer, which I dwhat he was going to do, but suddenly he pinched my ch"Aaahhh... It hurts! It's painful!""Get a grip! Stop picking fights!" he said while pulling mI was almost in tears when he finally let go. I was expectforeheadlikeintheshowsIwatchonTV

 "Jay," he called. "...let's go to the gymnasium."I looked at him seriously and nodded. I turned toward thefollowed me."Jay-jay," he called again, but I didn't look at him."...I have something to give you."I stopped and quickly faced him. I looked at his hand.It was a flash drive, the type with a small connector. I knfor cellphones.I thought it was food.I took it from him and examined it. "What's this for?""I wanted to apologize to you... for what we did. As a watried to retrieve all the files from your old phone."My eyes widened at what he said. The old phone I had ththat idiot King, but he avoided it! It was broken and shattIf he got the files, that means all the pictures and videos. "I'm really sorry, Jay. I'm loyal to Keifer, so I followed hlooking down.

 "You're such a jerk. I only held your hand and now you'rme," I said sarcastically. "...You're something else.""Sorry. I was just happy," he replied, scratching the backgo to the gym."He started walking ahead, and I quickly followed. I felt lmany good things going on right now. I was holding the memories from before.I couldn't stop smiling. It felt like nothing could ruin my But that was just what I thought, because when we entereThe world's punishment awaited us.

 Chapter 246: New room, nenemyJay-jay's POVGARBAGE! Garbage everywhere. Garbage here, garbaggymnasium is piled with garbage."What is this?!" I said in annoyance.I looked at the Ulupongs who were kicking the garbage aEdrix and I approached them."Jay-jay!" Ci-N greeted me with full joy while waving."Why is it like this here?" I asked him.he shook his head. "I don't know. When we got here, it wthis."Why do I feel like this was done on purpose?It's disgusting to stay here, and to add to it, there's a sligh

 "Yeah, Sir!" Kit agreed.Everyone started complaining until I felt someone grab mand saw Yuri. he gently pulled me away from the Ulupon"W-what?" I asked him."I went to your place, but they said you already left. Whyfor me?" Sadness was evident in his eyes.I scratched the back of my neck. "I went with Aries." I smremembered what I needed to tell him. "...we're okay nowhe smiled too. "Really?! Congrats!"But the sadness in his eyes didn't go away. It seemed like problem he didn't want to show me."Are you okay? You seem sad."he shook her head. "I was just worried earlier."I frowned at his answer. Worried? But about what?"Why would you be worried? I was just going to school.he quickly avoided my gaze. "I-it's about Sato."Butitdidn'tfeellikethatwastherealreasonIjustchose

 "Let's just clean the gymnasium. That's the only way we  be taught by the other teachers," Sir explained."Sir, come on! It's already a hassle that they moved us ounow this?!" Eren said angrily.Others agreed with him, but some also agreed with what course, there were those who just wanted to stir things up"Let's just blow up the other rooms so they can join us hemost troublemaker of all.Ci-N, as always!!"That's great, keep up the stupidity," Josh said sarcasticaThe Brat immediately glared at him. "If you're so smart, here?!""If you're smart, why do you need to ask me that? Why dyourself?" he shot back."Keep going. Fight some more. That'll be a big help," Blon."Fight! Fight!"Everyone's attention shifted to the two brats arguing aboIt'bitlittth

 "What do we need? Teamwork! What do we need? Teamand we all looked at him. "...wonder pets! Wonder pets! WAt this moment, it wasn't just me who facepalmed. Even Ulupongs had the same reaction. He's really acting like a"I'll pretend that I didn't hear that," David said and approare the cleaning supplies?""In the storage room where the other equipment is," Sir ato the door at the far end.David walked there, followed by Eman, Denzel, Ci-N, FThe others didn't want to follow until they were pushed.I followed too. We each grabbed brooms, dustpans, mop bags. We each had our own areas to clean. There was so  by the pests—I mean, students of this school.Even the bleachers in the corner of the gymnasium had trembarrassing for them? They kicked us out of our room,what they show us.They're so kind, I hope Lowd takes them soon."Jay-jay!" Ci-N shouted, but I didn't look at him.I had a feeling about what he was doing.

 "See, I'm so pretty!" he said in a dramatic tone while wavHe wore the garbage bag like a dress and tied it around hheadband. He looked ridiculous. He was spinning aroundwearing some fancy outfit."Hey, a crazy person got in here!" Felix shouted, followe"Tsk! You're just jealous of my beauty!" Ci-N replied flir"Oh no! He's lost it!" Calix teased."It's the effect of the garbage smell!" Kit added.Maybe!! The smell was so bad, it must have cooked his bThey all burst out laughing. Even I couldn't help but laugBrat was still at it! He was even better than a model on a approached David."Hi Dabid," he greeted while batting his eyelashes.David grimaced at his appearance. "What are you? A gar"No." He spun around and raised his hand, then stopped. princess!" he said flirtatiously.Oh my, really?!

 "You're too hot, David. Chill a bit. Want me to give you a puckering his lips at him.There it is! Koya finally gave in.David tried to push him away, but the Brat clung to him  burst out laughing, but not everyone found it funny."Stop that, Ci-N! You're disgusting!" Drew said angrily, look at him."She's just joking... let it go," Denzel replied to him."Even so!""Do you have a problem with gay people?" I asked, slighcrossing my arms.His eyebrows furrowed as he faced me, clearly unhappy the center of attention among his classmates."N-no... whatever! They're just gross," he said, turning hHe went back to cleaning, pretending we weren't watchinKit and Mayo, who were also exchanging meaningful looI just shook my head and went back to what I was doing.were enough of us, so it only took about an hour to cleani

 "Thank you, Sir.""Let's take a break."Sir was about to grab the garbage bags, but David stoppevolunteered for us to take care of disposing of them. Sir lconcern for us.I couldn't blame him; we looked like beggars here. I donwe still come to school. It's obvious we're not welcome h"I need some help here," David said, but no one paid atte"...come on. A little cooperation."The idiots were still ignoring him, each doing their own tchatting, others were playing on their phones, and some down on the bleachers and sleep.Wow, these Ulupongs are really something else.I saw David look at Ci-N—still wearing his "princess" ou"Hey, beautiful princess. Maybe you can help me," he saThe Brat dramatically flipped his imaginary long hair ancrossing one leg over the other.Gorgeous! he really nailed it.

 class time, so there were no students loitering around.If there were, we'd be the talk of the school again. We rea building. It was one of the oldest buildings in the schoolwas that only one room was occupied by students. The reempty or closed."This was our room before," David said, looking at the bsecond year when I moved to their section."I looked at it too. It seemed even older than the building was. This school really has it out for us! There's an even here, so why are they so eager to demolish ours first?The people here are really out of their minds!I turned my attention back to David. "Why did you end uanyway?"He looked at me, smiled, and then continued walking. I qhim."There was trouble in our section. Some of my classmateexpelled, and others were going to be suspended. To keeescalating, I took the blame for everything," he explained backer, so it wasn't a problem for me."I nodded, accepting his answer.

 We reached the back of the old building. Would you belisegregation was actually impressive. Bottles were separa biodegradable from non-biodegradable.So why can't they segregate their students like this?I looked around and noticed two men organizing the garb"Where should we dump these?" I asked David."Over there, I guess," he said, pointing to a pile of garbagcorner.We started walking toward it when one of the men suddeus. David and I both turned to look at him, and he approa"Where did those come from?"We exchanged glances before answering."From the gymnasium."The man suddenly frowned and scratched his head."Sorry, but we can't accept those."They won't accept garbage? What is this? Are there requ"Huh?"Myeyeswidenedatwhathesaid"Whywon'tyo

 deserved to be dumped with garbage?Sons of b****!!!**"Kuya!" I yelled at the guy in front of us. "...as far as I knany problems, but maybe now we do!"He took a slight step back. I wasn't trying to intimidate hreally wanted to punch something! This school was realllimit. Just a little more patience, and we wouldn't have tosince we were about to graduate, but they still chose to d"Kuya, this is just trash. There's no way we're going to taDavid said. "Just let us leave it here."He let go of everything he was holding and pulled out hiout some cash, which I estimated to be around five thous"This should be enough to keep you quiet," he added whmoney to the guy.For some reason, I suddenly felt like becoming a garbageThe guy quickly grabbed the money and gave us a wide dark gums and yellowing teeth. At least they were still inlooked like bacteria were eating away at his mouth."You can count on me, sir," the guy replied.

 So annoying! So frustrating!We reached the gymnasium quickly, probably because m bigger than usual. As soon as we stepped inside, loud shothroughout the entire building.I looked to see what was causing all the commotion. Thewas fighting with the students from Section D."You're doing this on purpose!" Eren yelled at the girl in "We're going to use this gymnasium, so you all need to lthe guys."This place is huge! Even if there were more than 200 offit!" Mayo responded angrily.What is it this time?! I muttered in irritation.David and I quickly ran towards them and stepped in bet"What is this?! What is this?! What's happening now?!" Istanding in the middle of them all.One of the Section D students turned to me. "You all neeusing the gymnasium."I looked around the entire building. The space was enormilddthblhthlbi

 I clapped my hands together. "Well, what do you know?  being around you! So why don'tyouleave instead?"The girl rolled her eyes at me. Should I poke her in the ey"Miss!" A guy, who I assumed was their president, calledgymnasium is meant for P.E. classes. Obviously, you're nclass. You're just using this place as a hangout because yown classroom."Excuse me?! Now this guy was pissing me off. I was abosomething, but Yuri stepped in front of me."FYI, we're not here to hang out. The school managemensaid, crossing his arms, clearly trying to intimidate them.should leave, it's you."The Section D president laughed mockingly. "Don't act aHanamitchi. The only reason you're talking like that is behere."What did the King have to do with this?I furrowed my brows while looking at the arrogant fool ihiiilldiifid

 Section D immediately reacted, ready to step in, but Dav"We can settle this peacefully," he said while standing beuse the area you need in this gym, and let us stay here in "That's not how this works," one of the Section D girls recomfortable with you being here.""We're not comfortable with you being here either, but wDenzel said irritably."There is something you can do! Leave! Problem solvedThe argument quickly escalated into more shouting and blooked like they were about to start throwing punches at In the middle of all the chaos, I noticed Josh, Eren, Drewwalking out of the gymnasium with their bags.I immediately ran after them because I had a feeling I knabout to do."Where are you guys going?" I asked angrily.Eren and Josh stopped walking, but Drew and Blaster co"There's no point in arguing anymore. It's obvious they wschool," Eren explained.

 Chapter 247: FlyJay-jay's POVUnbelibubbles—unbelievable, really!Damn it! This school is really pushing my buttons. The Pus out of the gymnasium. They really rubbed it in our facmatter to this school.The ending? Everyone just went home. These idiots alsofollowed Drew, who had already left earlier."Jay," Yuri called me. "Did you call Percy?"I nodded at him. "He said he's on his way."He smiled at me apologetically. "Sorry, I really have somtake care of. I wanted to take you home myself."Earlier, he was supposed to give me a ride, but he suddenmessage. He was told to go home because his grandfathehim. He asked me to call Percy instead to take me home.He doesn't want me commuting.

 Even though, honestly, I feel like someone could come aanytime. It feels like I can't go anywhere alone anymore.I saw Ci-N and Felix approaching us. Good thing the Litoff his ridiculous outfit. It would've been embarrassing ifschool looking like that. People might think he's crazy."Are you going home?" he asked sadly."Yeah, you know my life's in danger."I recently found out from Yuri that the entire Section E isthreats against me. Even the King knows, but why does idoesn't care?He lowered his head and swayed like a wilted vegetable.to do something but can't."I want to go out with you," he said, almost in tears.I want that too."You can't, Ci-N. We need to make sure Jay-jay is safe rigsaid."Yuri's right. Just come with us to take Jay home if you wCi sighed deeply. "Fine. What else can I do?"

 His brows quickly furrowed when he saw Ci-N getting inwith me."Long story, bro," Felix replied, but his eyes were still on"Why is that shorty with you?!" Percy asked irritably."I'm coming along to take Jay home," Ci answered proudPercy grimaced. "And then I'll have to take you home tootoo much?!" he said sarcastically.And just like that, they started exchanging heated words  both decided to just stare out the window instead.Honestly, I don't want to go home yet. It's still too early, to do there. It wouldn't hurt to go out for a while, right? Bthem."I don't feel like going home yet," I said, making Ci grin  puppy."Let's go out!" he suggested.Percy turned to look at me with confusion. "Are you sure"Bro's right, it's dangerous for you to just wander around"I'mwithyouguysright?Youwouldn'tleavemewould

 "Where, though?" I asked."Hold on, let me think."I heard Ci clear his throat beside me, so I turned to him."We're never leaving," he whispered. "...he said he's thin problem is, he doesn't have a brain—"I quickly covered his mouth. If Percy heard him, they'd dfighting again. We'd probably be stuck here until nightfathem argue."I got it," Percy finally said, starting the car.I looked at Felix, hoping he had some clue where we werseemed like he was just as clueless.I let go of Ci's mouth and signaled him to keep quiet. Oth probably spout more nonsense.We just waited to see where our crazy stepbrother was taI looked out the window, and when I noticed that the surr becoming unfamiliar, I nudged Percy."Where are we? Where are we going?""Toaplacewherewecanhangoutwithouttoomanypeo

 A bunch of little kids were running around—probably foThey were all in uniform, which made me think they werschool.The car gradually slowed down and stopped. We all got osame time, and our reactions were practically identical."Seriously? Here?" I asked Percy irritably.He was still smiling at me while nodding. Felix frowned I felt like he wanted to smack Percy. I turned to look at thhe was the only one who looked happy about what he sawOf all places, he brought us to a playground."I like it here!" Ci said excitedly, even giving a thumbs-u"See? A place to hang out! Not too crowded!" Percy prouaround with both hands."You're an idiot!" I yelled at him. "...Are you serious righ"You literally made us kids again!" Felix added in frustra No wonder we saw a bunch of kids earlier. I looked aroularge building not far away. The name was written in bolHopes and Joy School of Learning

 I just rolled my eyes and walked over to Ci to sit on the sThe fool was having the time of his life, swinging as highI hope he doesn't actually fly away.I decided to swing too, though not as high as him."Jay! Look at me! I'm flying!" he shouted excitedly, pushI turned to look at the brothers when they sat on the seesachoice but to play along too.Wow. I'm really enjoying this!And no, I'm not being sarcastic. Well, maybe a little."Oh, crap!" Felix suddenly shouted.He was stuck in the air because Percy refused to lower hi jumped down, but every time he tried, Percy would suddto scare him."Bro! You jerk! Let me down!" Felix yelled again.I just laughed at them. They were really acting like kids nMeanwhile, the guy next to me was literally a kid, so theworry about there.

 My heart almost stopped—I thought he was going to cralanded smoothly, raising both hands like he was in a gymcompetition.Wow... what a show-off."That was sick!" Percy praised him.Ci grinned widely and turned to me, raising his eyebrowso proud of himself."You're insane!" I yelled."That was cool, huh?" he bragged.I rolled my eyes. "You think that was impressive? That wI had done that before—even higher jumps. I pushed mysure to go higher than he did."Hey, Jay! That's dangerous!" Percy warned.I ignored him and kept going. When I felt like I was at th jumped.Big mistake.My foot got caught on the swing seat.

 I slowly lifted myself from my own stupidity. My face anthe brunt of the fall, and they were both aching. When I lof them were right in front of me, barely holding back thDamn it. This is so embarrassing! I was too cocky!"Ow... that hurt..." I muttered, holding my forehead, noseI could even taste a little dirt between my teeth. Good thistart bleeding."D-do you... w-want to go to the hospital?" Percy asked, from laughter.I glared at him. He was so close to bursting out laughing"A-are you dizzy?" Felix asked, also trying so hard not toI shot him a death glare too. My eyes were practically culetting them know just how pissed I was. Their faces werflaring—they were desperate to hold it in. No one spoke until Ci-N suddenly started singing."I believe I can fly... I believe I can touch the sky..."You little— Thatwasit

 I just brushed off the dirt from my clothes and wiped myhandkerchief. Even though, deep inside, I wanted to cry.I wanted to cry because my face hurt like hell.I wanted to cry because my dignity flew away along withI wanted to cry because I was stuck with these three monDamn it. I just want to go home.As I was sulking, I suddenly noticed someone approachinidiots were still laughing, so they hadn't seen him yet."Are you okay, Jay?" the guy asked.Ci-N immediately looked up. "David!" he greeted.David was still looking at me. "I saw what happened to yalright?"Great. Let's add more people to my humiliation.I looked at him, confused. The same went for Felix, PercBecause of one word—"saw."How?! There was no one around earlier. That's why we fplayinglikethis

 What is he? An eagle? There's no way he could recognizthere."I saw you guys on the CCTV," he explained, pointing atfront of us."...I ran over here as soon as I saw you fall."What?! CCTV?!Damn it! So now there's actual footage of my stupidity?!"There's a CCTV at the playground?" Felix asked. "...Whhere?""For the safety of our students.""Ours?" Ci asked."The school and playground belong to us," he explained closer to me.He took a handkerchief from his pocket and wiped my fa"Your forehead and nose are red," he said.I could really feel the stinging pain from my forehead. I jget a scratch on my face. It would be a shame to ruin my

 I rolled my eyes at him. Now he's worried? When he wasearlier? I suddenly felt so pitiful, like I was about to cry oSo dramatic—straight to the hospital?"No need. I'm fine.""Let's get it checked. Poor head of yours—there wasn't a begin with, and now it took a hit too," he teased.I immediately walked up to him and pulled his hair."You idiot!""Ouch! My hair!" he whined before I let him go."You deserved that.""There, she got to hit someone. She's fine now!" Ci tease playing. I'll go to the slide."The brat ran toward the slide, playing alone but still smilDavid just shook his head at him. Percy and Felix returneand this time, Felix got his revenge.I turned to David, who was just watching me, as if observ"ThanksforworryingaboutmeI'mreallyokayIpromi

 Oh, go ahead and tease me more. I can feel it. I can really"I was just copying Ci," I excused, looking down.He shook his head, laughing. If he dares to watch a replaswear I'll curse him.I looked at their school building. "I didn't know you guyschool. You must be rich!""The school originally belonged to my uncle, but he soldhe explained.I nodded. "Then what were you doing earlier, watching u"The security guard pointed you guys out to me. He said the same uniform."Wow, their security is on point."JAY-JAY!"Ci-N's voice blasted like a stereo. He screamed so loud, isomeone had gotten into an accident. Felix and Percy eveseesaw, thinking something bad had happened."What the hell was that? You scream like a lunatic!" I sntoward him.

 Ci pointed somewhere far away, looking shocked."I-I saw! T-there's... something!""What is it?!" I snapped impatiently.This brat loves suspense!"I saw an ice cream vendor!" His eyes were wide as he aI raised my fist, almost ready to punch his face. Seriouslysaw something shocking, but it was just an ice cream ven"Talk to him, Jay. I might end up hitting him," Felix said"Go ahead. We won't stop you," David added.I noticed Percy stepping closer to Ci. His face was dead sI thought he was finally fed up and was about to hit the kspoke, and we all got confused."Tell me the truth," he said seriously.Even Ci looked confused by him.Looks like he's losing his mind again."Tellme,"Percyrepeated,asifhewereangry."...Tellme

 "As painful as it is to say this..." he took a deep breath. "gone! He's far away now!"Percy suddenly let out a dramatic wail, as if he had just lExcept there were no tears."No! Nooooo... Why did this have to happen?!" he cried,knees.Ci-N joined in on the act, pretending to cry."There's nothing we can do. He's already far away!" Ci sPercy wailed even louder. "Why didn't you tell me soone"I tried, but he was too fast."The rest of us smacked our foreheads. Like I said before,never be together."You guys are so over the top!" Felix said in frustration."Stop the drama. The ice cream vendor is right there," D just as we heard the ice cream truck's music.It was like a switch flipped in their heads. They immediafaces serious. The moment they saw the vendor, they starhim. Percy almost tripped.

 Felix immediately frowned. "With Jay-Jay, you're so quiyou to—"He didn't get to finish his sentence when he saw me looksmiled and walked over to Percy.What did he mean by that? Does he also have contact wiJust wow.I turned to David and glared at him. "Hey! You! Do you that annoying snake too?!"He suddenly looked away. "Well... he called me once, buagain."Oh, fantastic. Just fantastic.

 Chapter 248: Dora vs DiegJay-jay's POV"Here's the payment," David said as he handed the monevendor.The man thanked him before leaving. When he turned tosuddenly froze.Melt under my gaze, you idiot!"W-what?" he asked."I'm annoyed..." I said calmly as I grabbed the ice cream"...thanks for this."I turned my back on him and walked towards the place owhere my face had smacked the ground. So frustrating!The one time I tried to show off, and that happened. Theyhave my moment just this once.I sat back down on the swing and started eating my ice crdid I realize that David had followed me.

 "So what?! I only talked to him once too, and he didn't evon me!" I complained.That damn King!He said it would only be a month, but why does it feel lik passed when it's only been a few weeks? When that idiotswear, I'll kick him in the face."He asked about you through me," David replied, makinAnd just my luck—I had my tongue out licking my ice cmoment."He asked about me through you? Seriously?"He nodded. "He also threatened me."Threatened?!"About what?""He told me not to make a move on you... or else he'd pumy body."Oh wow. That bastard really never changes. Instead of chdirectly, he threatened David? The same David who's beme—the thing that HE should be doing?

 "Do you think he's coming back?" I asked David without"It depends," he answered.I frowned and turned to him. "What do you mean, 'it depHe looked at me seriously. "It depends if there's still somreturn to."I met his gaze. I knew exactly what he meant. He was talwhether I would still be here waiting for that bastard.I hesitated. Was there really something left for him to comProblems were piling up, and now someone was after meit was too late when he finally returned?"I don't know," I replied, looking away.I went back to eating my ice cream, which was slowly m patience was melting too—melting from all the frustratiowas causing me.Damn him!That bastard! When he comes back, if I'm still alive and him out until he drowns in insults. Damn idiot!After finishing my ice cream, I tried searching for a tissudlikIhdt

 "What time do you think they'll be done?" he asked whiland Ci.I also turned to look and immediately frowned when I noarguing. Just a moment ago, they were quiet—they mustI quickly stood up and approached them."Dora is better! She can go anywhere!" Ci said angrily."Diego is better! He saves animals like you!" Percy retorI winced and looked for Felix. I spotted him nearby, lookwas permanently stuck in an expression of frustration.It was clear he wasn't amused and was about to slap somI turned my attention back to the two idiots arguing."Stop interfering! Diego can't even leave the forest!""At least Diego doesn't sneak out without telling his pare"All Diego ever deals with are animals!""Dora looks like an animal! And she still uses a map—henow!""Hello?!"CimimickedPercy"that'scalledsurvivaltra

 "And you're still arguing? Neither of those shows are goo better!" I snapped in annoyance.Yep... good job, Jay. You joined the argument.The shows they were talking about were terrible. They wGod, I think I was still in grade school when those aired."Wow, Jay, what a fantastic cartoon you just mentioned,"sarcastically."That show's ugly too!" Percy yelled. "Daddeh! George iadded, mimicking Peppa's accent.I winced. That accent really didn't suit him. It sounded aw"Seriously?!" David asked, exasperated. "You're really arshows?" He shook his head. "...so childish."Ci glared at him. "And what do you watch?""Care Bear." He answered without hesitation.We all burst out laughing at the same time. I almost collafrom weakness. Even Percy and Ci-N were clutching theFelix just shook his head.He called us childish, yet he's just the same.

 5 from GagongBaliw.1 from an unknown number.Suddenly, a wave of anxiety hit me because of that unknfingers moved on their own to open the message.From: +639********Message:keep playing, I'm watching you.My hands trembled, and my heart started racing. I didn't around, fearing that I might actually see him here.I thought I was safe when I was with my friends, but it sethe case. I told myself not to be scared anymore, but damthreats still get to me."Jay..." Percy called out to me. "...is something wrong?"I quickly shook my head. "It's Aries... He's asking me to David checked his watch. "I should head back too. Take home." He said before walking back to his school buildin

 "Let's go home. We might get home late," he said beforeHahahahaha.We all followed him. At that moment, I didn't look anywwalked straight ahead, focusing only on Percy's back.He stopped in front of his car. Ci and the others were stilas he opened the door, I quickly got inside, making themconfusion."Are you in a rush to go home?" Felix asked.I forced a smile. "A little. Aries is getting mad."Once everyone was inside, Percy started the engine. Ci krequesting to go back, but I couldn't focus on anything hanymore.he was the first to be dropped off at his condo. Finally, siuneasy feeling inside me wouldn't go away.Relax, Jay.We arrived at my house, and I quickly said my goodbyesrushing inside. I almost tripped in my haste."JAY-JAY!"

 "What happened to your face? Why is your forehead andscratch?" He asked in quick succession while stepping clHe grabbed my chin and tilted my face up to get a better me carefully.How am I supposed to tell him that I faceplanted on the gHe let go of my chin and took my hand. "Come on." He sHe dragged me to the kitchen. My face was full of confuused to how he was acting.When we got there, he made me sit on one of the stools bthrough the drawers. Then, he went to the fridge and grabHe walked back to me with an ice bag in his hand, his br"Where the hell were you?" He asked irritably before preagainst my forehead.I held onto the ice bag so he would let go. He still lookedSorry! Sometimes stupidity is just inevitable."I was showing off... but I ended up face-planting," I expOne of his eyebrows raised. "Don't tell me... you landed 

 I quickly glared at him and put the ice bag down. This guCouldn't he just say it was an accident instead?!Yes! It was an accident!I wanted to watch him laugh and then smack his face righthat, I'd probably get hit back even worse.He kept laughing for a few minutes before getting himseHe shook his head as he walked back toward me."So, did you learn something from your own stupidity?" crossed.I nodded. "Never give in to a kid's arrogance."He looked at me in confusion. "A kid?""Ci-N. he acted like an acrobat on the swing, so I copied Little by little, his smile faded. He looked down for a molowering his arms and standing up straight."So, you were with him. Let me guess—you were with PI looked away. I knew he was upset with Percy, but I hopshow that he wasn't okay with me being with him."Areyoureallygoingtoforcemetoavoidhim?"Icould

 "You two will never reconcile?" I asked seriously.He took the ice bag from my hand and pressed it against himself. He gave me a weak smile."Probably not. It's hard to rebuild something that's alreadBut I could feel the regret in his voice. I could sense thatwanted to go back to how things used to be. I could feel in his sad eyes as he stared at his hand holding the ice baIf only I could do something for him."Where did you guys go earlier? You weren't in the auditHe changed the topic.I grimaced. It seemed like he didn't know that we were kgym earlier. I didn't want to make things worse."We were sent home early. Some lectures will just be givI smiled.He looked unsure whether to believe me or not. In the enit off.When the ice in the bag melted, he threw it away and putthe drawer. He also washed his hands."GthdI'llhthidk"H

 It was GagongBaliw. I wanted to tell him, but he might jthing Yuri did.He might also tell me to stop talking to that idiot. That's want Yuri to know.I smiled at him. "A friend. I just needed to pass on a mesHe nodded, accepting my answer. "How about Keifer? Dcontact with him?"I looked down before shaking my head. "I don't have hisAnd that was the painful truth.I didn't hear him say anything, so I looked at him. He wahe was trying to figure something out."Why?" I asked, and he quickly shook his head."I was just asking," he replied and motioned for me to goI just shrugged and ran to my room. I quickly changed clout right away. Instead, I grabbed my phone and checkedmost of which were from Aries.But that wasn't the first one I checked. I went straight to text.

 ? This guy really had something wrong with his head.I replied to him.To: GagongBaliwMessage:   Did you pass my message toKeifer?I waited for his reply. It didn't take long before he responFrom: GagongBaliwMessage:Yes.So short! Seriously?! Couldn't he at least tell me Keifer'sTo: GagongBaliwMessage:Whatdid he say?My eyes were glued to my phone screen. I was practicallwith it. Luckily, his reply didn't take long.

 was the one saying it and not Keifer?Or maybe... he really was the King of Snakes? I really nea way to confirm if my suspicion was correct.Maybe I should ask for help. From Yuri, Percy, or Aries. I was sure they could help me.I didn't reply to that idiot. Instead, I threw my phone ontomy room. I couldn't keep my snack waiting."...stop bothering her."That was Aries' voice. I saw him walking out of the housI planned on ignoring him, but then I heard him mention Curiosity got the best of me, and I followed him, stoppin"It would be best if you started a new life there."I frowned. Who was he telling to start a life somewhere e"Enough... Just stop. I'm asking you, please stop botherinWait a minute... Why did I feel like— "Please, Keifer."

 I kept hitting his hand, forcing him to let go of the phonesucceeded and took the chance to run away. I ran straighlocked the door.I checked Aries' phone to see if Keifer was still on the lin pressed it against my ear."Keifer! Please say something!" I pleaded.But I heard nothing from his side. My body started to wethe floor as tears started falling."I-I don't understand. Why won't you talk to me? W-why but not me? Why, Keifer?!" I took a deep breath. "KeiferStill, there was no response from him. Maybe he really dme. Maybe... he didn't care anymore.I forced myself not to sob out loud. I didn't want him to hwas struggling. How much I was hurting.I debated whether I should end the call. There was no pogoing to say anything. There was nothing I could do if heme.My hands trembled. I was about to pull the phone away ffinally heard something. Words I had never heard from hsince I met him.

 Chapter 249: What nowJay-jay's POVI didn't sleep well. My eyes are once again accompanied feel like I'm not myself. I've been staring blankly at the mwhile brushing my teeth. My teeth might be worn out alrI heard a knock on my bedroom door, followed by a shouWe're going to be late!" It was Aries. I let out a deep sighwashed my toothbrush, and then left the bathroom. I wendoor and opened it.His eyebrows quickly furrowed when he saw that I hadn"What's that?! What time is it?!" he said irritably.I looked at him boredly. "I don't know. Don't you have a you—OUCH!"I almost fell to the floor from the force of his flick on myhands were holding my head as tears welled up in my eylike he doesn't know his own strength!"Ouch! That really hurt!" I said to him irritably."Canyoustopthatalready?!"herepliedangrily"you'r

 "Ugh! Just go ahead! I'll just ask the Ulupong to pick me"What Ulupong?" he asked, confused."My classmates."He seemed hesitant to agree with what I said. But if he dhe'd really be late. They can't afford to be late because thsection."Fine. It's up to you. But text me, okay? And don't leave someone picks you up," he sternly reminded me while po"Okay, okay! Just go!"He turned his back on me, so I closed the door. I went baand continued my ritual—I mean, my shower.To be honest, I had no intention of asking any of the Uluup. I didn't want to involve them in my being late.As for Sato's threat, I'll just deal with it. I really need to f Nothing will happen to me if I let him intimidate me. I dhim; maybe he's all talk.I was soaking wet, and if my fingers hadn't pruned, I wouto get out from under the shower.AftdiffIlkdtfithiTh

 I quickly typed a reply.To: Pres. YuriMessage: Still at home. I'm going to be late.From: Pres. YuriMessage: You're already late. I'll pick you up.He might already be at school since he's asking. It wouldhe came back here just to pick me up.To: Pres. YuriMessage: Don't bother. I'm leaving the house now. See yI didn't wait for his reply. I arranged the things I needed tchecked if I had forgotten anything. Once I was sure eveleft.I said goodbye to one of the maids. When I went out the taxi approaching. It was a bit strange because not many tthis area.The people here are wealthy. They have cars!But even so, I still hailed it. Maybe it just dropped off a pThetaxistoppedinfrontofme

 I immediately tried to open the door, but it was too late. Tquickly."W-who are you?! What do you want from me?!" I shouton the car window. Neither of them responded or looked at me. Both were w black shirts or jackets. I took the opportunity to grab mya number.One of them seemed to notice me. The one sitting next toat me and tried to reach for my cellphone. I used my footgetting closer."Give that to me!" he shouted."No! Stay away from me!"I kept kicking him to keep him from reaching me.I looked at my cellphone and noticed that Yuri was callinanswered."YURI!" I shouted while keeping the phone away."...HELP....ME....HELP ME! SOMEONE....KIDNAPPED"I SAID GIVE IT TO ME!!" the man shouted as he grab

 It hurt my arm, but I tightened my grip as much as I coul"B-bro! She's gonna k-kill me!" he struggled to say.The driver tried to stop me, but he couldn't concentrate bdriving."Let go of my partner!" he said, trying to pry my arm looHe dug his nails into my skin, making me scream, but I ogrip even more."You damn woman!" the driver shouted, keeping his eye"You damn man!" I shot back.As if you're the only one who knows how to curse!His nails dug deeper. The pain was so intense that my grI started kicking his side repeatedly. I didn't care if he waThe car swerved slightly because of what I did. I kept dostarted to sway. The horns of the cars behind us blared co"You're crazy!" he shouted at me again."Argh! You're so annoying!" I shouted back.Ikeptkickingwhensuddenlyourcarwashitfrombehin

 I looked at the two of them. The driver was busy avoidinwhile the other guy was coughing and catching his breat"Where are you taking me?!" I angrily asked. Neither of them answered until we were hit from behindforward from the impact. I looked back and saw a famili"YURI!" I shouted.I knew he couldn't hear me, but I still hoped. He looked iand his expression quickly turned to concern. He signaleas if telling me to move to the other side.I did as he said, even though I was full of confusion. He again. I almost screamed from the force.I was scared of getting into an accident, but if this was thready to end up in the hospital again.But I was even more alarmed when the taxi I was in suddhit Yuri's car. I panicked and looked at him, but he didn'tThis can't go on. I need to help!!I turned to the driver and started kicking him again."Hey! Stop that!" his companion shouted, trying to stop m

 The driver and his companion were gone. I was stunned,comprehend what had just happened. That was close!The door beside me opened, so I turned. I saw Yuri, full o"Jay! Are you okay?" he asked worriedly.I instinctively hugged him. My whole body was tremblinin sweat."I-I almost didn't make it!""Ssshhhh... It's okay now. I'm here," he whispered to me"Y-Yuri..." I was on the verge of tears.He hugged me back tightly, as if he was afraid to let me gmy mind to process everything that had just happened.Yuri let go of the hug and held my face with both hands,at him."Are you hurt? Did they do anything to you? How are yoasked rapidly.I shook my head. "N-nothing hurts."I looked around the taxi. There was a wallet on the driverandhandedittoYuri

 I followed, but after just one step, my knees gave out. I ahadn't caught me immediately.He helped me until we reached his car. He helped me in  phone and signaling that he needed to make a call.I just nodded at him. I stared at the taxi in front of us. It wthat even public vehicles like that could be used to kidnaI had no proof, but I had a gut feeling that Sato was behinwould want to harm me?This is so frustrating!!I can't just be scared. I need to fight back against that idioJapanese guy! I'll send you back to Japan with just one kMy thoughts were interrupted when I heard the car door already gotten in without me noticing."I called the police to report what happened. They'll needhe explained. "...are you going to tell them that someoneyou?"I shook my head. "It'll only make things worse. Let's justsimple robbery case."He nodded. Soon after, the police arrived. We told them wdikbilkh

 Bad luck! Of all times, I didn't ride with Aries today!Yuri started the car. "I'll take you to the hospital to—""To school," I cut him off. "...I wasn't hurt earlier. I'm finHe didn't speak for a long time, as if he was thinking abo"I understand, but please tell me if you feel something."I nodded without looking at him. I was still annoyed by tkidnapping incident. I don't think I can take a taxi again.I remained silent the entire ride until we arrived at schoothe car, I stopped.Where was my room again?I was about to ask Yuri, but I decided to just follow him ithe other side of the main building, heading toward... theYesterday, it was the gymnasium, now it's the auditoriumkicked out of here too. That would be embarrassing!Upon entering, I saw the Snakes sitting in a corner on theteacher in front of them. Their attention immediately shifapproached."Sorrywe'relate"Yurisaidtotheteacher

 I just gave a simple nod in response. I wasn't in the moodwas still upset about what had happened earlier. If I had aunt would have questioned me. Then it would get to myking of overthinking.He'd figure out I was lying. He might even find out abouthrough his connections.What connection is he using anyway? Smart or Globe?The class ended with me just staring blankly ahead, my eAs soon as the teacher left, the idiots immediately turned"Why were you late?" Mayo asked teasingly, being the cHis smug grin irritated me instantly. I shot him an annoy"None of your business!" I snapped.Mayo's face turned sour. "What's your problem? I was ju"The way you asked, why? Are we okay now?"He suddenly stood up and pointed a finger at me. "Thereit in my face! That's what you're good at!"I shot up as well, meeting his angry glare. "So what if I dto!"

 "Your problem is you act like you're so important!" he shface.Something snapped in my head. My fist moved on its owon his face. By the time I realized what I had done, it waMayo dropped to the ground, and his fellow Snakes immhim."Jay!" Yuri called out. "...why did you do that?!" No reason. Just felt like it.I didn't like the way he asked me that. Like everything w"He threw it in my face!" I defended myself."So what?! You already know how he is. Why did you haOh, great! So now it'smyfault?!I didn't say another word. Frustrated, I kicked my bag anthe auditorium. I hadn't gotten far when I felt someone grIyankedmyarmawayandturnedaroundwithaglareI

 angry.Angry about what happened in the taxi earlier, and now Mit. Yeah, this helpeda lot  , shit!"You know what, Kit? I have a grudge against you guys me. You all ganged up on me, but what hurt me the mostsaid. It was like he didn't even realize how much he hurt He lowered his head for a moment. "I'm really sorry, Jaycloser, but I stepped back. "...Believe me, we really do reI shook my head. "But that's not what I see from the othe"What do I have to do for you to give us a chance?"I looked away, biting my lower lip. I was still angry, andheavy."I don't know... Maybe if you admit you're gay to them, Imight  

 didn't really mean it like that.I grabbed some tissue from the box near the mirror, wipequickly headed back to the auditorium.When I got there, I froze at the sight of Kit standing in frif making an announcement."Jay-jay! Hurry! Kit's about to make an announcement!"with a grin.Oh, shit!I rushed toward Kit to stop him. This isn't how I meant foto everyone.I did my best, but it seemed like I was too late. In an instmixed reactions."This is for real... I'm gay."

 Chapter 250: Saving friendJay-jay's POV"This is for real.... I'm gay." No one moved. Ci's smile faded, and some of them straig postures. Some furrowed their brows, while others seemto react or not.He's really serious about what I said."Ahahaha..." I forced a laugh, even though it was obviousuch a joker, Kit."I approached him and grabbed his arm, intending to pull rest of the Ulupong."Let's talk." I whispered to him while pulling, but he didnHe looked at me as if saying everything was fine. I felt licrazy because of what he was doing."Kit!" Mayo called angrily, standing behind the others. "saying?!"

 "Cut it out, Kit. Your joke isn't funny." Rory said.Shit! I had a bad feeling about this.I tapped Kit's arm and looked at our confused classmates"We're just messing around. Don't believe—.""No!" He removed my hand. "I said it's for real." He cut He looked at me and smiled. I shook my head, signaling continue. This wasn't the right time for him to come out t"It's okay, Jay. I'm tired of hiding."He faced Mayo's group. Eren stood up from his seat, look pleading with him."I've been hiding this for a very long time. I knew I'm difyou." He took a deep breath. "...I'm different because I'msame sex.""Shit." Calix said, standing up. "...you can't be serious."I was about to speak up to stop them from thinking the wstood up one after another, each making their own comm"Bro! We used to go to the restroom together." Edrix said

 Eman said calmly."What's the deal?! Are you really gay?!" Rory asked, una"Can everyone just quiet down—." David didn't get to finsaying because Drew suddenly shouted."YOU'RE DISGUSTING!"His voice echoed throughout the auditorium, causing eveand look at him. His brows were furrowed, and he looked by Kit.Before any of us could speak up to respond, a powerful pface. He fell to the floor and was quickly helped up by Dwho were near him.It looked like things were about to get out of hand!!"What's your problem?! Why did you hit him?!" Denzel addressing Mayo, who had silenced Drew.Eren and Josh immediately approached him to hold him that Mayo was about to start another fight."His mouth is filthy!" Mayo replied, pointing at Drew.I took the opportunity to talk to Kit. I grabbed his shouldtf

 "Jay, I'm tired. I don't care if others judge me." He said aEven though he said there were other reasons, I still felt lIf only I had thought before speaking. If only I hadn't let over!I hugged him tightly. "No matter what happens, I'm hereI heard him laugh softly. "Does that mean you've forgive"You're an idiot." I replied, smiling even though I felt likI let go of the hug and looked at him. His sad eyes from efree of burdens. Maybe he really couldn't keep hiding thehe was."SON OF A B*TCH!" Someone shouted.When we looked to see where it came from, Mayo and Deach other's throats. If the other Ulupong hadn't stepped started throwing punches."I won't back down from you! You're an a**hole!" Mayo"Enough!""Stop it!""I'llbet1000onMayo!"

 Suddenly, Drew burst into loud laughter, confusing all ofmocking."I almost forgot. You're into guys too, huh?" Drew said wMayo visibly froze, and for a moment, he tried to reach fJosh held him back tightly."Your ex-girlfriend told me you left her for a guy." Dreweven louder. "...it was Kit!"Shit! Stop it already!"Enough, Drew!" Felix shouted at him.But Drew seemed unwilling to back down. It was like he provoking Mayo, testing his patience."What?! Can't respond?! Because it's tru—."Everything happened so fast. It seemed like Eren intentioMayo. In just two steps, Mayo reached Drew and landedhim.Chaos erupted. I covered my mouth in shock. Ci-N, whoearlier, stood up and tried to intervene. Kit also approach"Stop it! Stop it!"

 Damn it!The slap was so hard that I immediately fell to the floor."You're an a**hole, Mayo!" I heard Kit shout.I held my cheek, which was probably numb by now. I felarm to help me up. I looked and saw Yuri and Kit."Are you okay?" Yuri asked with concern."You're such a jerk! Why did you hit Jay-jay?" Ci-N askeI looked at Mayo, who was standing while being held baUlupong. I couldn't understand why he had to hurt me."You b*stard! I wasn't even doing anything to you!" I saup.My cheek felt uneven!"I want to smash your face with my fists, but you're still me. "...are you really this angry at us that you want to ruisake of that damn forgiveness?!""Don't blame Jay for your stupidity!" Felix said angrily.Mayo was still looking at me, clearly wanting to hurt me

 "You want to know how angry I am at you?" I said calmlthem before turning back to Mayo."Have you ever been alone? At school? At home?" He di"...because I have. My whole life, I've been alone. MayoYou know that." I took a deep breath, feeling a lump in mthen you came along, only to hurt me. And how much diHURT SO MUCH! So much that I almost wished I couldthis world."I couldn't hold back my tears anymore. I didn't want to crhelp it. My voice was already breaking. I kept my eyes ohe wanted to look away."It hurt so much that I was furious at you! I was so angry back at you so you could feel what I felt!" I bit my lowerBecause I didn't want to become like you."I looked down to wipe my tears. I took another deep breaof them again."You're angry because Kit is gay? You should be angry atoo....you're no different from him!" I turned back to Maylooking down. "...because it's not what real men do to ga"Jay..." I heard Yuri call from behind me."Now, tell me, Mayo. Don't I have the right to throw bac

 "Jay..." Kit called me. "...maybe it's better if you rest for explaining things to the other teachers.""No." David interjected. "...It's better if all of us take a reAlvin.""I agree with David." Yuri said.The two nodded, and David walked away. I looked at thewere now talking among themselves.I noticed Ci-N, who seemed deep in thought. He was awand looked worried. I didn't like seeing him like that, as iI felt like he was caught off guard and didn't understand whappened."Yuri... Can you check on Ci-N first? Something seems oasked.He smiled at me before approaching Ci-N. I turned to Ki"Let's talk." I said to him.We walked away from the Ulupong. At one point, I held  pain still hadn't gone away. Damn it!! I wanted to hit MaKit seemed to notice what I was doing. He touched my cstartled me. I almost jumped because of it.

 Damn this guy! He could totally pass as a K-pop idol wit but he likes men?! I've been outshined!"I'm the one apologizing for what Mayo did. I didn't knoof hurting a woman.""Anyone is capable of that," I replied, taking a deep breaI wiped my nose because I could feel the snot coming. Dfront of them again. I hate doing that. Of course, my faceembarrassing right now."What's your plan now? Looks like those jerks don't likeasked, concerned.He smiled at me. "Sometimes, the people closest to you a judge you the most."I smiled back. "But not me."He put an arm around my shoulder, and I hugged him balittle when he pulled away slightly. I just hope he doesn'twomen like some others.I felt his hand gently patting my back. "O-okay, that's engo now. If Keifer finds out about this, I'll be dead meat."Oh, great! He just had to mention that guy!

 "Didn't I tell you to text me?!" he said, clearly annoyed.My mouth just formed an "O." I had forgotten about thathappened earlier.Oh, and I couldn't tell him about it either."I forgot. Sowrey," I said, glancing at what he was holdinIt was a styrofoam food container, the kind used for packIt looked like he bought it from the school cafeteria."Is that for me?" I asked, pointing at the container."No," he replied quickly. "...Someone just asked me to hOh... I really thought it was for me!I noticed him staring at me for a long time, as if he was trsomething out.I started to feel uncomfortable, so I tried to look away."Did you cry?"Oh no! I looked at Kit, but his face remained expressionlIcouldn'tevenaskforhelp!

 My eyes widened at what he said. Oh no! Aries might geand get mad at him.Just as I expected, Aries immediately shot him a sharp glready to throw a punch."Harington, right?" Aries asked.Kit nodded."Next time, be more careful so you don't hit people," Aristepped closer."...And one more time I catch you hugging my sister, I w bones."I quickly moved between them and pushed Aries away fr"What is wrong with you?! What are you even saying?!"He turned his glare to me. "I'm just warning your classmI pushed him again. "Just go away! You're threatening peHe rolled his eyes, which annoyed me even more. "It's nowarning."I rolled my eyes back. "That was a threat!"

 "Thank you!! Mwah! Mwah! Tsup! Tsup!"His face immediately twisted in disgust. "Yuck! Get awaI pouted. This guy! I was just being affectionate, and nowgrossed out.He really deserves a smack sometimes. I turned back to Ksmiling at me."You and your brother are okay now?"I nodded. "Yeah. Good thing he finally talked to me."For a moment, silence surrounded us. A terrifying silencewhat happened earlier started creeping back into my minWhat now? What's going to happen to him now?"Everything will be okay, right?" he asked.I wanted to say yes, but that's not how I felt.I lowered my head and softly answered, "I hope so..."

 Chapter 251: HumanJay-jay's POVStarting your morning with a sermon—what a way to sta brother must be in the mood— In the mood to lecture."You never complete your school day! You always leaveof that, you're always late!" He scolded me while we wertable.I kept my head down while eating my rice, occasionally who was sitting across from me. But he wouldn't even lorather stare at his hotdog!"What's even going on in your school?! They took away and now they can't even give you proper classes!"Why was he scolding me about this? He could just go to if he wanted to know what was happening."Enough with the sermon. Eat your food," Aunt Gema saShe was in a good mood today. My brother should be toosaw me, he suddenly got irritated.

  No wonder he looks extra handsome today. Just as long astart steaming from anger."Ma, you're really not coming?" My brother asked before"No. You can handle it," she replied."Alright, I'll call right away to give you an update."Aunt Gema didn't say anything else. She just patted my bheading back to the kitchen.I turned back to Aries just as he suddenly stood up."I'm taking a shower. Hurry up," he said before leaving.He left me at the table with my brother. He left me? He Ldoomed!I hurried to finish my food because I already knew what "Hey, Jay-jay, I'm telling you! You're about to graduate! yourself into trouble!" My brother warned me.I was eating so fast it was like I was in a race. At this rate just swallow everything whole."Are you even listen—?"

 I went straight to the bathroom to shower. This time, I woit. I won't get left behind again—yesterday was bad enouYuri called me last night. He found out who those damn tried to take me. They were R. Sato's men. But what I didthat they didn't seem serious about kidnapping me.Usually, people who try to take me put me to sleep first—happened multiple times, and it's always the same. But theven bother. It was like they were just out for a joyride. Twhole different level of crazy.After showering, I got dressed quickly. I glanced at the wthat it was still early, so I sat at the edge of my bed and cI had a message from CrazyIdiot and another one from YI read the one from the President of the Shunga Lovers Ccase it was important.From: Pres.Yuri   Message:Do you wantme to pick you up?I pouted. I was riding with Horoscope.I quickly typed a rTo: Pres.YuriMNdI'idiithBiB

 From: CrazyIdiot   Message:Almost  What the hell? What does "almost" mean? Was this guy hthis message? People these days have the weirdest hobbiWhat are they even on?I didn't bother replying to the fool. I might catch his crazstuffed my phone into my bag.While putting on my shoes, I heard a knock on my door, voice."Hurry up, Jay! I'll be waiting outside!" Aries called.He holds my fate in his hands."Got it!" I replied.I sped up my movements—if I took too long, my brotherwith anger.Horoscope has a nasty temper. I don't want my day ruinestarts.After fixing myself up, I grabbed my bag and stepped ouintomybrotherwhowasglaringatme

 "You're so slow," he said before getting into his car.I pouted. Slow? I already moved as fast as I could! I evenhe want me to do? Turn into The Flash just to prove I'm fI got into the car too.He stayed quiet while driving. I glanced outside occasioncars behind us.I needed to stay alert. Those damn Sato guys might strikeI wonder if "Swiper, no swiping" would work on them?I noticed the car slowing down until we turned into a subwas unfamiliar to me, and I had no idea who lived here. Bwas answered when I saw a woman in the distance. She wHVIS uniform. Her long hair was blowing in the wind, askin was glowing. And of course, her angelic face. But hdefinitely devilish.I looked at Aries. He was serious, and it seemed like he da problem with this woman. I wasn't sure if we had madeas I knew, we weren't on good terms anymore.The car stopped in front of her. In front of Ella. It looked picking this woman up. She smiled and walked up to mydoor.

 "What?"I stared at him, hoping he would get what I meant— I shhere, and Ella should be in the back. But he really didn't at us and looked out the window."Please, Jay," Ella said, though it was clear she wasn't reI felt like a bull who had air blown into its nose. This woelse!I stormed out of the car and moved to the backseat. I alm by slamming it shut.My eyes almost popped out from rolling them so hard. Twere already starting to boil my blood.Ugh! I want to slap her. Just once.Okay, fine. She's pretty. But I was so mad I didn't even naccidentally played on my phone."The hardest thing is being a fool."Oh crap!Was this song aimed at me? It felt like the anthem of ourIignoredthetwooftheminfrontLetthemtalkIdidn't

 "Jay." Someone called me, tapping my elbow.I turned around to see Yuri smiling at me."Oh yeah, I forgot you were waiting for me," I said, scrat"See... when someone isn't important to you, you quicklythem."I blinked a few times, confused, while looking at him."What are you fighting for?""My love for you," he replied, flashing a wide grin.I chuckled at him but with a teasing tone."Ha, ha. Did you skip breakfast?" I asked, smiling mischHe smiled back like a little kid. "I didn't."He must be crazy from hunger.We both laughed and shook our heads. We walked togethauditorium. As we got closer, I couldn't help but feel nervwhy! I just hoped nothing would go wrong like yesterdayWhen we entered, it was different from what I expected. quietalmostlikeachurchmassbecauseofhowserious

 Kit elbowed him to stop him."I'm not talking to you," I replied.Kit turned to face me and smiled. "I stepped away from twouldn't be any trouble."I pointed at Mayo. "What about him?""he's just following me," Kit answered.I lowered my head. he really had to adjust for these narro"Honestly, you shouldn't be the one adjusting for them. Tones adjusting for you."I heard Mayo's insulting laugh. "As if they're gonna do thMy eyebrows finally met in frustration. "Why are you butalking to you?"he glared at me. "Just get out of here.""I don't want to!" I sat beside Kit. "I'll sit here."Suddenly, Kit looked at the "Ulupongs," and I glanced atwere all staring at us, and some, like Drew, were glaring WhatIdidn'tunderstandwaswhyErenandJoshwhow

 Good thing the annoying King wasn't here yet.We finished our class with Sir Alvin. I understood a bit, tgoing to say what because it's better kept to myself—it mWhile I was fixing my bag, which only had a few notebo people calling me."Jay..." Rory called. "...sit here. Not there."I rolled my eyes. "I want to sit here.""Don't sit there," Denzel said irritably."Don't mind me.""Stop being so stubborn! Sit here!" Edrix snapped."I said I want to sit here.""Jay-jay..." Kit called me. "...maybe you should sit with t"I don't want to! I told you, I'll sit beside you no matter w"Yeah... But not literally.""Sit here, Jay-jay," Drew said. "...you might catch 'gayneOh,comeon.

 I just grabbed my hair in frustration. It's so hard when yoready to fight each other like that.What else can I expect from "Ulupongs"?I let out a deep sigh. We waited for a few minutes beforefinally separated.Drew had new bruises and scratches, adding to his old onthat Mayo wanted to knock him out because of his anger"Okay now? Done? Did your mouths kiss each other's fisnow?" I said sarcastically."He's the one at fault!" Mayo pointed at Drew."You're just mad because it's true!" Drew fired back.Mayo tried to reach for him again, but five people held hhim. Yuri and David stepped in between them."Is there a problem?" Ci-N asked, and everyone turned tothere a problem with them?"Ci-N..."Isn't a gay person someone who dresses as a woman eveman?" he asked, and immediately, all attention shifted to

 "...he tried to kill himself," he said, and we all froze. "...b judged him just for being gay.""Is that why you're so quiet?" I asked.He nodded, tears falling. "I don't understand. I don't undehave to judge someone just because they're gay." He lookthey still people? They're still the ones we're with? They'who help us? They're still the ones who make us smile? Nabout them, they just admitted who they are. So, what's wSilence. That's all that surrounded us. I wanted to answercouldn't. I didn't know how to explain it to him.I didn't know what was wrong."Should I wait for Kit to kill himself before I get an answquestion?" he asked while wiping his tears. "...I've alreadI going to lose a friend too?"Since I met Ci-N, he's always amazed me with what he dsmart, talented, and persistent. Now, I'm amazed by him again because of what he said.It was obvious that those words slapped the "Ulupongs."eye contact, and some even looked down."'"iidihilhi"'di

 own understanding. They're the ones who are wrong, notcousin."He hugged me back. He was still so young. He had such  perspective on things. So innocent about things that, techalready understand."Jay-jay's right," Edrix said. "...we shouldn't have judged"But you can't blame us either. We've been with him in eday—just like that.""Give us some time to adjust," Calix added."Maybe... we're still friends with Kit, so we'll accept himAt that moment, I suddenly remembered the "Ulupongs"Those idiots who, despite being idiots, I could count on.It felt like something pinched my heart. I shouldn't be feecouldn't stop it."Sala—""Hey, you!" someone shouted, cutting me off.I frowned. What is this woman doing here?"IsthatHoney?"Felixaskedwhilelookingatthewoman

 I frowned and looked at Felix, who was just as confused happening."P-percy?"She raised an eyebrow at me. "Do you have another stepbhim?"I shook my head. What's her problem?"Then, answer my question," she ordered.It felt like something clicked in my brain, and I started geher face."What's your problem? What do you need from him?"She glared at me. "Your. step. brother. owe. me. a. lot."Shit!What kind of mess is this, Percy?

 Chapter 252: Hide and seeJay-jay's POV"Ouch!" I complained as I tried to pull my hand away."...your nails are hurting me!""You walk like a tortoise. So slow!" Honey snapped irritShe kept dragging me along. And she was wearing high hthe mood, I'd punch her by now. We had just finished allthe "Ulupongs," so I still felt heavy from everything.We finally reached the outside of the school, where her cI'm so screwed with Kuya Angelo. He's going to think I sam I going to explain that a bee dragged me off?"Get in!" she ordered when we stopped in front of her caWow. A Ferrari.I immediately grabbed my wrist where she had held it. Itshe dug her nails in deep. She must really hate me!

 I put one hand on my hip, and the other mirrored her dramas if I was ready to scratch her with my long nails."Obviously, you're dumb." I snapped, flicking my fingeris with him at home, so he should've been the one you dr"Eew. Don't copy me," she said, raising one eyebrow. "I I dropped my hand from my waist and slapped my forehesuch a hard head. She and Freya must be besties."Why not?""Because we have a past."I raised an eyebrow. "You two were a thing?""No!" She quickly replied. "He asked me out, but I didn'tThings like that."I nodded, pretending to buy it, but I wasn't really convincShe couldn't even look me in the eye, and she was tense. earlier disappeared.I smell something... smells like fart."Eeww... did you fart?" I asked, covering my nose.Sheshotmeanastylook"Hellno!"

 farted."She immediately pulled her ear away from me and slappmaking me flinch in pain."What the fvck?! Get in already! I'm getting mad at you.I rolled my eyes at her and got into her fancy car.Sheeeet! The seat itself feels expensive. Now I kind of wShe got in too and quickly started the engine. Luckily, trin front of us, or she would've sped up with the way she wsteering wheel."What's with the traffic? In London, it's not like this." shI immediately looked at her. Did she just say London? LWait, isn't...Could they be together?"You're from London?" I asked.She looked at me briefly before focusing on the road aga"Yes. I am," she replied, bored.

 I knew it! He's so shameless. No wonder that jerk toleratYou're Judas! You're Herod's sibling!"Damn you! You better not tell him I admitted it to you. added, making me stop.I looked at her confused, though part of me wanted to puslam her face into the steering wheel."A-what...""Yes, I'm with him in London, but it's because of my jobShe explained, glancing at me now and then. "...He's my I blinked a few times, processing what she said. Keifer's an employee? And all this time, I thought there was som between them."Wait! Pull over! Explain this properly!" I ordered."Ugh! I can't believe I have to do this!" she complained, the car to park by the side of the road."Explain it properly! From the top!" I demanded again.She glared at me before speaking. "Look, Keifer is my boalready know that my uncle is his lawyer. He needed somdI'fth"

 Were they playing royalty or something?She rolled her eyes again as if I were the most stupid perspoken to."Duh! Haven't you heard about the transfer of all of Watshim?"I scratched my neck. "I've heard about it.""And you're still asking a damn question," she said sarcatalking about billions or trillions of money here. What dodoing in London? Of course, working with it! Helping himanage the papers." She explained irritably. "...seriouslySorry! How would I know about that?I felt small in my seat because of the way she spoke to mso stupid and didn't understand what they were doing."So if you have a job, why are you here?"She looked at me like I had the smallest brain in the worl"Don't you know what's going on with Keifer?"I shook my head, confused. She stared at me for a few mdeciding to start the car again.

 "Let's try at Felix's house."I pointed the way to her. Before long, she turned into thetheir house was. I immediately saw Felix's house, a placeseveral times.I was about to point it out to her, but it seemed like it waShe was already glaring at the house from a distance. Shright in front of it without even asking me which specificgoing to.Something's off.We both got out of the car. I didn't move at first to see if and deal with whoever was inside.When she didn't move, I decided to do it and pressed theOnly a few seconds later, the gate opened, and Felix's mous seriously. She was holding a potholder and wearing an"J-jay-jay? H-how are you? Is there something you needstuttering.I noticed that she seemed uneasy and looked back inside wasn't sure why she was acting like that, but I had a stransmiled at her.

 Wow!She stopped and looked around before facing us. "Nice tShall I call you Mom, Mama, or Mommy?"Huh? This girl really has some guts! Solid!I cringed at how she acted. Felix's mom seemed puzzled."H-huh?" was all she could say.Honey smiled again and flicked her long hair back. "I'm future daughter-in-law."You just have to admire her boldness. I could only blink,is something else. She's really something else, I might evher.The real question is: who will she end up with? Percy or there seems to be something going on between them?Tita tried to smile at her. "I-is that so?""Yes. Where is Percy, by the way?"I noticed how tightly she was gripping the potholder. SheHoney in the eye. It was clear she was hiding something."He'snothere"

 It was Dalia."Hello, do you remember me?" I asked as I slightly crouclevel.She moved the long hair that was covering her face and snodding."Ate Jay-jay," she said, giving me a hug.I hugged her back and kissed her cheek. It hadn't been thlast saw each other, but she had grown so much. Kids readays.I heard Honey cough lightly behind me. I let go of Dalia I almost forgot about her. I missed Felix's little girl. Evencreepy, I love her."This is Dalia, Felix and Percy's little sister." I introducedHoney slightly bowed and smiled at Dalia. "Hello, Dalia beautiful eyes."Dalia's eyes widened, and she pointed at Honey's face wh"Impakta!"I was startled by what she yelled, so I quickly covered he

 I removed my hand from Dalia's mouth. She looked at Hanything. I couldn't help but feel nervous.Maybe I hurt her without realizing it.I turned Dalia to face me and smiled at her. "Is somethinShe leaned closer to my ear and whispered, "Kuya said s purity. He told me not to talk to her."What?! That Blue Eyes idiot really said that? He even tauHow messed up can this idiot be?Before I could say anything, Dalia ran inside the house wwent. I stood up, scratching my head, and faced Honey."I-it seems like Percy's not here," I said.It was obvious she wasn't convinced by my answer. Suddinto the house while calling out my stupid brother's nameTroublemaker! So annoying!"Where the hell are you, Percy?!" Honey shouted.Dalia and her mom came out of the kitchen. The little girend of her mom's shirt, staring at the woman who kept shHoneywentupstairstothesecondfloorTitawassurpris

 I opened the bathroom door and looked up at the ceiling. properly fastened on that hole."Percy," I called softly, but loud enough for him to hear.It didn't take long before the door opened, and my crazy  peeked out."Hi, Jay. Is she still here?" he asked quietly.I nodded at him. "What did you do? Why are they lookin"I didn't show up for our date last night."I paused and looked inside the house before turning to fatalk."What date? Are you two together?"He quickly shook his head. "She's a 'Impakta.' She's so anI could only shake my head, laughing. That phrase came  people. It really came from him."Don't you want what happened between you two to hapteased.Suddenly, he acted like he was disgusted. "She ruined mythinkI'mgoingtoletithappenagain?Noway!"

 I could only roll my eyes. He really is an idiot. I could juhis blue eyes turn red."Alright. I'll pull you out of here so you can leave," I said"...you owe me.""Thanks, sista," he said in a dramatic tone and winked.I closed the bathroom door and held Dalia's hand to take hear Tita and Honey talking, probably arguing."Ate Jay-jay," Dalia called me. "What's purity?"Oh my God... Here we go.I scratched my head. "It's something your brother Percy hobvious."She nodded, accepting my answer. I couldn't stop myselfknew she didn't really understand it. She was too young fthat to her.When we entered the house, Honey was clearly stressed.her hair several times while calling someone on her phonTita glanced at us, like she wanted to ask something. It seknew where her mischievous son was hiding. I just smileher a thumbs-up.

 "When Percy gets back, tell him to answer my calls. I'll g before walking out of the house."Wait!" I called out to her.She was about to leave, but she was the one who broughthave lost it.I said goodbye to Dalia and her mom, telling them I'd cohad the time. I also apologized for the trouble this "ImpaI ran out to catch up with Honey. Luckily, she was still abcar, so I caught up with her."Hey! Hey! Wait up!" I shouted, pointing at her."Whatever! Get in!" she yelled at me.This girl is crazy! She didn't even find Percy and went nufault—if she hadn't kept pestering him, he wouldn't haveI got into her car and slammed the door shut. She didn't swhat I did, so I just left her alone.She's rich, she can afford cars.It was clear that she was still annoyed by what happenedwas dying to ask her about what she said regarding Keife

 Chapter 253: KingJay-jay's POV"Where are we going?" I asked almost in a whisper.It looked like Honey was reaching her limit. She was gripwheel so tightly, it looked like it might break. The car waspeed up.This is a Ferrari, man! We're going to fly here!I couldn't get an answer from her if she kept acting like thme an explanation about what was going on with the Kin"Damn it! Ugh!" she screamed, almost making me jump.If she wasn't already crazy, she was about to be. I might hthe car. My goodness!But it seemed like I wouldn't need to do that. Slowly, thedown, and she parked it on the side of the road."Is there a problem—?" I started to ask, but I couldn't finsuddenly hit the steering wheel hard.

 I shouldn't have said anything, but I had to distract her soher anger out on me.Suddenly, she screamed in a shrill voice. It was so loud ieardrums were going to burst.I didn't want to hear it anymore."That Felix! He's damn! And that Percy!" She took a dee"...we were supposed to have a date last night. It was so hinto my schedule, and he just wasted it! He promised meI furrowed my brow. Something didn't add up. Percy pro but why did he hide? These two are such a mess."He promised?""Yes! He said if I helped him talk to Keifer, as a reward, a date! That guy! So stupid!" she said angrily.Talk to... what the hell?!That fool was doing something I didn't know about. Whyidiot? Was something going on that I didn't know? What this?"W-what did they talk about?"

 She raised an eyebrow. "What?" Now I was the one who felt annoyed. "What we were talWhy did you both come back to the Philippines because Keifer!"She gave me a sharp glare. That only made me even morShould I poke her eye out?Should I blind her?"It's probably better if I take you to him," she said, quickI didn't have time to argue. I grabbed onto whatever I coudown the road. She was driving like she was in a race. Aalmost got honked at by other cars because of her overtaIn my panic and fear, I didn't even bother to look aroundI only felt relieved when she turned into a wide parking lWhen the car stopped, she said, "Get out!"I rolled my eyes. Like, seriously? As soon as I stepped oualmost wanted to jump back in. The huge Fer Corp sign gWhat the... If Kuya sees me, I'm dead!

 My feet moved toward the building entrance on their owof people scattered around, most of them in business attiranymore if Kuya Angelo saw me.Annoying! Why am I so eager to see him?!Suddenly, someone grabbed my arm before I could get inWhen I turned, Honey's annoyed face met mine."Are you stupid? If you haven't noticed, something is haI looked around and saw the same people from before. Mstaring at us."Miss Jasper Jean," someone called.Wow. That "Miss" sounded really classy.I turned and saw a familiar woman approaching. She smiin front of us, and Honey let go of my arm."Are you here to see Sir Angelo?" she asked politely.I gave a hesitant smile and grimaced. "W-what..."I couldn't remember who she was. She might be Kuya Anone of the employees I had met before."We'relookingforMrWatson"Honeycutin

 "Just wait inside. Come on, I'll get you a visitor's ID," theus said.She walked ahead, and Honey followed her. My feet wouit! Why are they freezing now?Maybe it's too much of a wrap."What! Are you just staying there?" Honey said irritably,look at us again.I tried to move my legs. They felt like they were made ofafter them. People kept staring at us.Come on, people! Get a grip! I almost felt like I was goinin half. At the reception, I saw Honey and the woman. Sh just like the one they gave me the first time I came here.When I got closer, Honey handed me the ID that was forhers."Follow me," the woman said.She led us to the back part of the reception area. There wa coffee table in the middle. A marble wall separated thisreception. Some parts were glass, where you could see th building.fhffihld'k

 I never made it to class. I knew Ci-N and Yuri, along witSnakes, were probably worried about me. I'd like to call  phone in my bag back at school."You know, you look dumb," Honey said to me.I rolled my eyes just as I turned to look at her. She was s pose, facing her phone.I should have taken my phone!!"W-when did you both come back to the Philippines?" I "Me? Just yesterday. Keifer? I don't know.""What do you mean you don't know? I thought you wereUK?"She rolled her eyes before answering. "Duh! Obviously nBesides, he's run away from us so many times. We only suddenly starts fighting with Keigan." She paused to typethen spoke again. "...but from what I understand, he's comPhilippines several times."He's come back several times?If he's been back here several times, why hasn't he shownto me? What does that mean? Is he giving me the space h

 "He's fine, I think. Just the same as before. He doesn't talAlways alone, drinking. The only change is that he quit sexplained.I wanted to know if he's eating well. I wanted to know if other girls. I wanted to know if... if... if he misses me tooI'm mad at myself. Why am I so hopeful about him? It shWhy am I letting him affect me so much?Damn it! This is all your fault, you idiot.I glanced at Honey. I'm jealous of her. I'm jealous becauswith Keifer. I can't help but wish that I was the one in heI remembered when I first met him. I was so irritated by flirtatiousness. Speaking of which, I suddenly remember"Didn't you say there was nothing going on between youasked Honey.She nodded in response."Then why, when we first met, did you cling to him like a little annoyed.She paused for a moment to think before adjusting her poone!" She smiled sweetly at me. "...It's just for show. Wedihilhhidhiif

 She stared at me, and her gaze was full of meaning. It wasaying, 'You know what I mean, don't play dumb with mI quickly looked away, and she laughed.Damn it!Her phone rang, so she stopped laughing. She answered moment. When she hung up, she stood up and walked aw"Let's go..." she said before walking past me. "...they're cAs soon as she said that, I looked at the elevator. From thabove, I could clearly see the floor number of where the the arrow pointing downwards.My heartbeat slowly started to quicken. It felt like what Iwas about to happen. But my thoughts were racing. I waswhether I should face him or not.Either way, my body made the decision. I couldn't move standing. I couldn't take my eyes off that damn elevator.My breathing tightened until the bell of death—I mean, trang.My heart started pounding even faster. It felt like it was gme. It felt like it was trying to escape my chest.

 He was in business attire. His movements were neat, as irespected individual. He looked a little more mature, butHis face was calm.He briefly talked to another man, also in business attire.I got a chance to watch him."I need to leave," Honey said, but I didn't pay attention toI didn't even realize she had already left my side. My eyeto that damn King.I wanted to step forward and rush to him. I wanted to scrhim. I wanted to... I wanted to make him feel the pain wewhen he disappeared.You son of a bitch, Keifer!!Why do you have this effect on me? Damn! My body wolegs and knees wouldn't obey me. Damn it!It was only then that I noticed my cheeks were wet with tshouldn't be crying. I shouldn't be crying! Goddammit! TThis is your fault, you animal! All you've done is make mYou piece of shit! You're one big, huge disaster! WaaaahII'llhtt!WhIflI'll

 I need to hide! What... should I crawl... no. Crawl... slideShit! It felt like I was hiding from someone I owed someIn my attempt to hide from the King, I jumped from wheto the other side of the sofa. I probably looked more like I should have."Who is that?""Please, someone call security.""Kids these days.""What a filthy mouth."I could hear people nearby talking about me. They can caonce they're gone.I heard footsteps getting closer to my hiding spot. Oh nosecurity guards."Where is she?" A familiar voice said.My body froze. I even stopped breathing, hoping they wwhere I was. I wasn't ready to face him.I really shouted!

 those profanities."I shut my eyes tightly. He knows I'm here. He knows! Thlast word he said. Shit!"Brother!" Keigan's voice. "...we have to leave. We're goour flight."Fine! Just go!"Okay." He replied, and I heard a few footsteps as they wEven when I couldn't hear them anymore, I still didn't leaI still felt like there were people nearby. My gut feeling wI was right when I heard him speak."Maybe next time." He said, sounding like he was walkin jay."I finally came out of my hiding spot. But he was gone, hime as he was heading out of the building. I just wanted toThe kind of cry that's like a scream, the kind that a child And it looks like that's exactly what I'll do later. Becausestanding there was Kuya Angelo. His eyebrows were furlooked like smoke was coming out of his nose from ange

 Chapter 254: Who knowsJay-jay's POV"AaaaaAaaaAaalllLllaaaAaaayyyyyyy!!!" I screamed as  pulled my ear.What's worse is that from the Fer Corp building to the paholding my little ear. I felt like it was about to tear off.Let go, please!!"You're so stubborn! Right when your final exams are apacting up!" He scolded me."It hurts, Kuya!" I complained, almost in tears.When we stopped in front of his car, only then did he let I quickly grabbed my ear, which was numb from the painHe opened the car door. "Get in!" He ordered."Wait a minute!" I protested.My ear hurt so much. I couldn't even listen to his lecture

 "Then what are you doing here?""Honey brought me here. Then I found out that he was thUK." I looked at him like I was pouting. "...And you? Wme Keifer was the investor?""He's not the investor. He's just a representative. He's nothe hasn't graduated to be able to run a company.""Even so! You still didn't tell me he was coming!"Suddenly, he swiped at the back of my head. I quickly ra block it and dodged his hand."It's a business matter! You don't work at the company, syou?"I pouted. Talking to Kuya is so hard. He doesn't know anhappened in my life, so he doesn't get what I'm trying to "Get in the car." He ordered, pointing to the open door."...I'll take you to your school."I slammed myself into the car. My eyebrows were furrowthey were about to meet in the middle.Kuya's funny. I don't have school anymore, and yet, he's Whtdttd?Gbkjttli

 Damn that space of his. He should go live in outer spacethe aliens there. So annoying! Let him be with E.T.One month of his felt like a decade. I want to cry becauseam. So frustrating! So frustrating! FRUSTRATING!You're frustrating, Keifer! You really are!He didn't even bother to check if I was okay. He didn't eveating properly. He didn't ask about what was happeningdidn't even check if I got involved in another mess.That bastard didn't care about anything—!"He asked how you were." Kuya said, making me look a"...Keifer asked how you were.""Fuck!" I responded, completely without thinking.Kuya shot me a sharp look. "Are you cursing at me?"I quickly shook my head. "N-not you. Keifer."He returned his focus to the road and kept driving. I straicleared my throat to calm my voice.If I heard correctly, the bastard actually asked about me.

 Kuya glanced at me briefly before looking back at the ro"That's it. Why? Was there supposed to be more?"I wanted to bang my head against the car window. That bmaking me mad. Damn! Damn!Before long, we reached the school gates. The car stoppecould get out, Kuya said something that made me freeze."Do you really love Keifer?"I bit my lower lip. I wanted to say yes, but I knew he wouheard that answer.It seemed like he noticed that I didn't want to respond."I'm not stopping you from loving anyone. But maybe, juI looked at him, confused. I understood when he told me  before because I was engaged to Yuri then. But now, why"It's hard to love a Watson. There's a heavy price to pay."How much? I'll save up."Are you trying to scare me?""NoI'mjusttellingyouthetruth"

 "Jay-jay?" Someone called.When I looked, I saw Yuri approaching me. I wiped my thim. But before I could even say anything, his arms wrapHis hug was tight. I couldn't help but hug him back, and tears started flowing again. It was like a waterfall, the tea"Keep crying. I'll be your handkerchief to wipe your tearonly made my crying worse."I-I saw him," I said, feeling him hold me even tighter. "like I'm the only one suffering between the two of us?""You don't seem to know him at all," he said, laughing btough, but inside, he's soft like a marshmallow."I managed to laugh a little, but it wasn't enough to stop mmyself further into his chest."Jay..." He called my name. "...I'll only wipe your tears, osnot."Oh crap!!I quickly pulled away from him and let go of the hug. Juwhite shirt was already soaked with my tears.Itkdbthhiliit"S"

 Damn that guy."Why?""Because I might not be able to control myself. I might plooks so good, too."I heard him laugh softly. He pulled me back into anotherBut this hug was different. It was full of fear and worry. reason for it. I'm not numb. I could feel it in every act of me, I could feel that he was giving his all.I chose not to say anything. I didn't want to risk losing wleft, Yuri and me. I was happy with what we had. He wasanything in return for all his efforts.There was no pressure, unlike before. There was no forciI felt more comfortable like this.Yuri is my comfort zone."Do you know that PDA is not allowed here?" Aries' voiBoth Yuri and I pulled away and looked at him. Our browand our arms were crossed."Where did you come from?" Yuri asked.

 I just nodded briefly in response."What did he say to you?"I decided not to answer him."Aries... Let's talk later. We're going back to class now."I didn't wait for him to respond. I started walking toward Not long after, I felt Yuri following me.As we neared the "Ulupong" group, he grabbed my arm "Jay... What's the problem?"I turned to face him and looked into his eyes. "Do you knHe looked puzzled at first, but it seemed like he figured ilet go of my arm."Do you know too?" I repeated. "...Do you know that he'He quickly looked away, and from that, I already knew tquestion.He knew. He knew everything!I didn't want to get mad at him, but I couldn't help but feetheyhaddoneIstartedwalkingagaintowardstheUlupo

 he looked at me confused. "Know what?""That he's coming?"His brows furrowed in confusion. he couldn't understand"Who's coming?"It seemed like he had no idea. I sighed."Keifer arrived." I said almost in a whisper.He was shocked by his appearance. In a panic, he grabbehis pocket and opened the message."Why is this? He hasn't sent me any messages since yestshowed me the messages in his inbox.It seemed like he intentionally didn't tell Ci-N."Let it go. We haven't talked anyway," I said without enthwalked closer to Kit.They were still separated but were now with Eren and Jomy shoulders slumping.I let out a deep sigh that caught the attention of the four."HeyWhathappened?WheredidHoneytakeyou?"Ere

 I looked at him, equally puzzled. Did he not know what w between the two?"You're asking the wrong question. It should be, what's gyou and Honey?""Between us?" he asked, pointing at himself. "...N-nothintease her before, calling her Manang. Then when she camUS, she started acting cold toward me. Her appearance cI raised an eyebrow. "That's not what she told me."The Ulupongs all looked at him at the same time. They aunison, "Ayyiieeehhhh!!""Haha... There's something going on!""What kind of sorcery happened between you two?""Come on, spill it!"Felix immediately became flustered and tried to distanceteasing him. It seemed like he was close to losing his tem"Nothing! What's wrong with you all?" he said irritably.They were about to tease him further, but he walked awaturned his back so we couldn't see his reaction.

 "Keifer. He's back," Ci-N said.Their reactions varied."Why hasn't he shown himself to us?""Where is he now?""Does he know what's happening here?""That's it! Keifer left us hanging!" Blaster said angrily, chim."What are you talking about?" Eman asked."Don't you realize? He left on purpose when things wereapart!" Blaster said, and the other Ulupongs exchanged gthink about it, he's the reason for all of this! He's the reasat us, and then what did he do? He left!""Blaster's right!" Drew chimed in. "...We've been workinto Jay-jay! Meanwhile, he's the one who started all of thi"Stop it already!" Rory scolded."What they're saying is true!" Mayo joined in.Kit immediately stopped him. "Don't get involved with th

 "Let's not pretend here! You're mad at him, right? He's yoretorted, causing Yuri to grab him by the collar.We thought they were about to fight, so we were alarmedstraight in the eyes."Yes! We are rivals, but don't forget that he's also my frieknow what he's going through right now, so don't talk asguy!" he said angrily before letting go of Drew.He glanced at me for a moment and tried to calm down. Hon us and walked away. We were left just staring at him.Out of all of us, only Yuri knew what Keifer was truly gonow. Despite their differences, he still considered him a fI wish I could do what you're doing.I want to think that despite everything that's happened, thfriends. But I'm afraid that maybe they don't see me the sI looked at all of them. We've been through so much togefront of them, and they've done the same in front of me.  problems and joys together.It only fell apart when they lied to me. Blaster and Drew want to think they're right because we all made mistakesfdihhhld'h'

 Chapter 255: Forgive & FoJay-jay's POVI spent the whole night thinking about the Ulupongs and so late that I only fell asleep at 4 a.m. The result? I was c*Young dumb and brokkkeee...*I was even singing off-key."Jay... Eat already. You might be late." Tita Gema said.I was just sitting there with my mouth half-open, my eyeopen. I was so out of it that I thought the laughter in fronmy imagination. When I tried to look, my eyes widened shoved into my mouth."Who put this here?" I asked while chewing.What a waste! It was already in my mouth.Kuya Angelo and Aries were laughing. I gave them both "Stop staying up late. That way, you won't get pranked at

 When Aries stood up, I did too. But before I could leave called me. I faced him."What?" I asked.He looked at me strangely. It was like he was observing mlike he wanted to say something I couldn't understand."Nothing, just be careful," he said and went back to what*Whut?!*Even though it was weird, I chose to ignore it and went tshower. Maybe Kuya was also sleep-deprived.Before I could fully enter the bathroom, I heard my phonI grabbed it from the top of my bed.It was just an ordinary message. One was from Yuri, and*GagongBaliw* (Crazy Idiot). The president of the Shun just greeted me 'Good Morning.' But this one...**From: GagongBaliw****Message:** Iam loving youmore each day!I grimaced. Was he high again? Maybe he hadn't slept eitchose not to reply.

 I wasn't wrong because while I was getting dressed, I heashouted from outside the door."Hurry up! Jay! You're so slow!""WAIT!" I shouted.Of course, he's a guy. His preparation before going out islike Aries just pours water on himself, then walks out of Maybe he just sprays a bit of perfume so it's not obviousIn my rush, I only noticed too late that my socks were michange them because it would take too long to find a mat probably won't be noticeable anyway.I left my room and almost ran straight to the living roomseemingly looking for something in his pocket."Let's go!" I urged."Wait a minute!" he said irritably. "...you're always in a rOh wow!How embarrassing. I guess I shouldn't rush him. But wheto rush. How embarrassing!"Found it," he said, holding his phone. "...let's go! You're

 I kind of regretted thinking about that idiot earlier. Why through this? Why do you have to make things hard for mUlupong! You're an ULUPONG!But at least I got something out of staying up late. Aside having their own eyebags, I decided to become a KPop II'm so sleep-deprived, give me SLEEP!I've decided to forgive the Ulupongs. Yes! I'll forgive thewith the drama, it's not trendy anymore. It's time to forgiI know it's only been a few months since the truth came ofew days I made them feel the pain of what they did is enregret it, even if it's not obvious with some of them.What should I expect? They're Ulupongs.It's really hard when you're sleep-deprived! I end up speawhen it's not necessary.It didn't take long before we arrived at school. When the about to get out when I noticed my brother looking for so"What? What is it?" I asked."Did you see where I put my phone?""Thtllhhbthfhil"

  No way! My plans are too good today!While walking, I saw Yuri in the distance. I quickly ran tarm around him. he was surprised at first but smiled whe"Good morning," I greeted him with a smile."Good morning. Looks like someone is in a good mood tsmiling. "...care to tell me why?"I moved away from him and walked alongside him. Hold backpack, I grinned."Because... I'm ready to forgive the Snakes," I said.he stopped and stared at me before smiling widely. "Youshit! This is good news. They'll be happy when they hearhe was about to run towards the auditorium, but I stoppearm tightly, which confused him."W-what?" he asked."Wait! Don't be in such a hurry!" I said before letting go to time it right before telling them."he nodded. "Okay. You've got a plan, right?"Iraisedafingerreadytorespondwithaconfident"Yes

 "Trust me! It's hard to explain! I have one, but I'm just a sleep, so my mind's all over the place."he nodded in acknowledgment. We both continued walkiauditorium where our classroom was. Ugh!When will we get out of here?"Hello, Jay!" Ci greeted me.I noticed that he was doing better, probably no longer thiabout his cousin. Maybe he's chosen to keep his feelings I might talk to him about it later. It's tough having no onethe pain. Based on my own experience, of course!"How's it going?" I asked as I got closer.I looked over at Kit and Mayo. They were still with Erentime, they were also hanging out with other Snakes like RThey were chatting like it was nothing. It was a good siggetting over the situation with Kit and Mayo. But of courwas fine. Like Drew, who was talking to Denzel."Jay... Why are your socks different?" Felix suddenly askat my feet.Ithhtitld'tbtibl

 I saw Yuri smiling at me. It was a different kind of smile"I know something." I just rolled my eyes at him.I had no idea how to time it to say what I wanted to say. wasn't now, especially since I could already see Sir Alvinus.We all took our seats. I couldn't help but glance around alike my stomach was tickling from excitement.So excited!I think everyone's here. Except that damn King of theirs. punch him the next time we meet. I'm not scared anymorwhen I pull the hair from your nose!"Mariano?" Sir Alvin suddenly called.What?!"Nose hair, Sir," I answered without thinking.The Snakes burst into laughter. Of course, the usual troubleading the charge. Even Sir Alvin couldn't stop laughinghead."It's just attendance," Yuri said.IthdhdBdlk!HIdtk

 "Nose hair!"These guys really! They replaced the "present" with "nosThey're really asking for it!"Peralta!""Lots of nose hair!"The teasing just kept coming. The Snakes couldn't stop lsomeone answered like that.I just hung my head in embarrassment, pouting. So annoy"Ramos!""Nose hair!"I noticed Yuri laughing a lot beside me. I was getting so che didn't stop."Venites!""Nose hair!"I didn't know whether to cry or what. I couldn't handle thDamnit!

 Class with Sir Alvin ended, and I decided it was time to I really didn't have a solid plan for how to begin telling thforgiven them.I stood up from my seat and started walking around like I was even playing with my hands, swinging them with eI didn't realize Josh was about to stand up from his seat. Jhand, it hit his face."Ow!" He shouted and sat down again."Sorry, sorry! I didn't see you!" I said frantically, holdingthat I hit."Oh no! Jay punched Josh!" Eren said, pretending to scar"I didn't mean to! I didn't know he was standing!" I expla"You did it on purpose. I saw it," Felix teased, and I shot"Jay's got a grudge against Josh," Blaster added.Great. You guys are really helping me out.I just slapped my forehead. It's so hard to talk to these Snhelping me, they're making it worse.

 "HEY! YOU SNAKES!" I shouted, holding my waist.The fools turned and looked at me, puzzled."What?" The bratty guy innocently asked.Suddenly, I got nervous under their gaze. My tongue frozremember what I was about to say.What was I supposed to say?"The w-wether's nice today, huh?" I said while scratchinThey still looked at me, blinking in confusion. Then Ci-Nup, grinning widely."The weather's great, but this coming news is even betterhe said, running off.he bumped into me. I looked at who he was running to ancoming, holding a bunch of papers in her hand.Ci-N stopped just a few steps away from me, raised bothabout to hug.I could see Rakki cringe and try to avoid him, almost likeShe walked straight to us and smiled at me.

 "Is someone giving away money?"The Snakes were being nosy as they approached. I almosthey rushed up to me."Can you guys back off for a second?" Rakki said irritab"Just tell us the good news!" David ordered.Rakki, irritated, pulled back the papers and glared at them"You guys are so chaotic!" She said. "...This is a permit fmembers and Principal.""A permit? For what?" I asked."It's a permit to let you use one of the vacant rooms in thshe explained. "...so grab your things, we're moving.""YESSS!" The idiots screamed.I felt like my eardrums shattered from their loud shout. Ehold her ears.Everyone started grabbing their things. Since Ci-N wasnspot, I grabbed his things. Josh arrived just in time for mwas happening."Ciisthishowyou'regonnabe?"Rakkiaskedhim

 We followed Rakki to the main building. People we passat us, confused, but we just ignored them. "We finally haclassroom to use," Denzel said.True...It's really hard to sit on the floor, using your legs as a desnotebook. It's exhausting and numb.We were led to the fourth floor of the main building. We the hallway and stopped in front of a door.The Snakes seemed giddy, constantly smiling and fidgetiWho wouldn't be?Yes, even I was excited. It's a new classroom with properhad to endure the old desks in our original room.It's a bit nostalgic, though. Even though the old desks wewere there through all our experiences, whether it was figtogether."Are you ready?" Rakki asked.We were about to answer when Ci-N suddenly yelled out"I'M READY TO LOVE YOU FULLY!" he shouted, sm

 As soon as the door opened, the light from the large windcaught my attention. The classroom was almost too closeI was squinting! Ughhh..."How's everything?" someone asked.When I looked, I saw Mica holding a broom and rag. Ellholding a garbage bag. "Baby!" Calix called as he approa"...Why are you here? Why are you holding that? You're hands."We entered to check the room. Everything was brand newclassroom was air-conditioned. It also looked like Sectiothey had a flat-screen TV."It's fine," Mica answered Calix. "...We cleaned the room"You shouldn't have done that, it's embarrassing," I said."A simple thank you would have sufficed," Ella replied warms.Whew..."T-thank you," I said while avoiding eye contact.I looked at the Snakes. Everyone was finding their spots.ilfidhihthifthhd't

 Then who do I thank?

 Chapter 256: R.SatoJay-Jay's POV"...Aries?" No way! The Aries Horoscope? That sounds unbelievabl believe."He was the one who talked to the Principal. He also conMembers," Rakki explained. Really?I was touched. My sibling is such a good person, even thseems like his brain is somewhere else. I love him!"Did he really do that?" I asked in disbelief."If you don't believe it, maybe you should ask him yoursIt might be better to ask him directly to understand his recell phone from my bag and typed a message. While I waand the others said their goodbyes because they still had I thanked them again and didn't take my eyes off them un"Takecare,Baby!"CalixsaidashewalkedMicatothed

 "I won't get full from a love life."He slightly smiled. "Just go home, so you don't end up liAh, you jerk!I immediately threatened him with a punch. He quickly savoid it. I just pointed at him while watching him walk aI checked my phone again, hoping that maybe my sibling —had replied. But there was no response from him.I looked for a seat. I wanted to sit by the window, but moalready taken those spots.I couldn't even pick a seat!"Jay-jay!" Kit called out, waving. "...Sit here."He pointed to a seat next to him, close to the window.I was about to go over when Mayo suddenly sat there. Kfrowned because of what he did."Get out of there! Jay-jay's sitting there!" Kit pushed him"I don't want to!" he replied angrily, then smiled sweetlyyou more often." Then he suddenly hugged Kit.

 We all laughed for a moment. I had to find another spot, wouldn't be far from the two people I always copy duringBut most of the time, I'm the one doing the copying."Jay-jay!" Ci greeted me, smiling."Same old, same old," David said as he adjusted the chaiAnd once again, I was in between them. The three of us wown little world, especially when I had food with me.But I won't deny it, I missed this!The Snakes looked happy. I glanced toward the back to swere. I saw Yuri in his usual spot, and for some strange rsaw the King beside his empty chair.My smile disappeared, and I turned my attention back tolowered my head as my eyes clouded with frustration. ThI casually wiped my eyes. I didn't want to ruin the happinhaving. It's been a while since something good happenedwe've been through."Quiet! Quiet!" someone shouted while banging on the taWe all looked toward the back where the sound came froDlthhdiditbthikltd

 "Right! Right!" others agreed."We haven't forgotten, and because of your sibling, we dthe old building," Drew said."He was the one who ordered our building to be filled wiadded."He's also the one who deepened the issue, banning Sectcafeteria," Eren chimed in.I raised an eyebrow at their accusations. I knew about the but I didn't realize the other two things they were accusin just learned about them now."Wait! Why are you all blaming my sibling for everythinannoyed."It's not blame. These things really happened," Eman saiI felt my tongue freeze. I wanted to defend my sibling, buanything. I didn't know if they were lying, but it seemed had fallen out with that Horoscope guy.Damn! This is tough."S-sure... But I know he won't do that again," I said, evenreally sure.

 I scratched my neck. Mayo's comment really hit the mark"I think Jay-jay has something to say to you all," Yuri saiOh, right! How should I tell them that?They all looked at me, waiting for what I was going to sanervously.Suddenly, I felt anxious even though I shouldn't have."A-anyway... I think—" I stopped when my phone suddeI quickly grabbed my phone, but it stopped ringing. I sawfrom... Aries? I also had a text message from him.From: Horoscope...   Message:Meetme outside the school.Now!"What are you going to say?" Ci-N asked me."I'll tell you later. Aries is meeting me," I said, then walkI heard them call my name, but I ignored it.I hurried downstairs because I knew Aries would get imprushing me.

 "AW! What the heck?! So stupid!" came the dramatic sh bumped into.I stood up, brushing off my clothes. I looked at the persoand for some reason, I felt like bumping her again. Of allcould've bumped into, why Freya?"What's your deal?! Can't you be any more stupid?!" she brushing off the skirt that had gotten caught in the fabric"Sorry," I said, about to walk past her, but she immediate path.Oh great, here she goes again."Where are you going? Are you planning to ditch your clI shook my head. "I'm going to see—""Jay-jay? Freya?" A familiar voice called out.We both turned toward the voice. It was Rakki, walking t"Jay? Why are you here? Your class is about to start," shI pointed to the gate to indicate I was meeting Aries, but in."She'splanningtocutclass"sheaddeddramatically

 "Hey! You!" A familiar voice yelled.Oh no... Here we go!I turned to face the pouting Honey, who was approachingguess this was about Percy. My goodness! What is that ggirl?"Oh?" I answered her boredly."Where on earth is your freaking stepbrother?" she askedto me.I knew this was coming!"I don't know," I answered, clearly annoying her.I glanced at Freya, who was almost beside Honey. She ra probably surprised to see that someone was more of a drwas.And then, an idea popped into my head."Maybe Freya knows where Percy is," I said, pointing atImmediately, I was given a nasty look by the witch. Hontoward her. Here we go! Looks like a fight is about to breon the one with the red lipstick... Freya. Honey has pink 

 "What a b!tch! I don't have time for you," Honey said, tu"Come with me." Then she started pulling me.But before she could drag me out the gate, Freya and RakRakki immediately pulled me away from Honey, while Fof courage and attitude."How dare you? You have no right to drag a student arouFreya said boldly.Honey walked up to her, and their faces were almost toudon't give a shit about anything you're saying."Freya crossed her arms. "Guess what? You have to give ayou're in my territory, and I'm the queen here."Honey eyed her from head to toe. "A queen? More like aI thought they were about to start pulling hair, but they juglares until I saw Mica and Ella approaching us."What's going on here?" Ella asked, glancing at Honey."...Honey? What are you doing here?"Do they know each other? Oh right. Honey is Percy's ex.Honey raised an eyebrow at Ella. They clearly didn't get idthlld

 But I didn't feel anything in my pocket. It seemed like I hinstead.Unbelievable!Mica and Ella suddenly looked at each other. It was as ifwas in what I had just said. "How is that possible? His phfor a while now," Ella said.That confused me. If his phone wasn't with him, then whMaybe it was a different number that I didn't notice. But wrong. I knew that the number that replied to me was hisBut who—shit!I immediately looked around. My instincts kicked in, thasocial intuition that I think I'm starting to pick up. Just ki"Why, Jay? Is there a problem?" Mica asked, worried."C-can we talk inside?" I replied while still scanning my"No! You need to come with me," Honey said, trying to pRakki quickly stopped her hand. They exchanged sharp lWhat the heck?! Let's just fight inside!

 Even I joined in trying to separate them. It was a shame; watch the two drama queens go at it."Shutyour filthy mouth!"   "Leave!You're a slut!"   "Compared to you, b!tch!"   "Enough!Stop it,Freya!"   "They're staring atus!Getyourselves together!"   Amid the chaos, I only realized that we had already left teven notice the approach of a black van to where we werJust as I turned to check it out, something black covered grabbed both my hands."What the heck?! Let go of me!" I screamed as they dragI heard Ella shouting loudly, followed by Freya and HonThey were pushing me into something that I thought wastied something thin around my hands.I tried to kick them, but I didn't know if I was even hittinIknewit!

 "What the heck?! Don't touch me!" I heard Freya's voicecloser to my position."Freya?" I called out to her."The hell! Where are you? What is this thing on my headsaid dramatically.Then, I heard Mica's voice. "Please, don't! Have mercy o"This is so wrong! If my uncle finds out, it's over for youIt sounded like Honey was somewhere behind me."Take this off!" Ella yelled from not too far from where I"What's happening? Who are you people?" Rakki asked.I didn't understand. I was sure they were targeting me, budrag Mica and the others into this? I could only think of would do this to me. The one who had been threatening mnow.R.SatoThe one who always sends me pictures of myself with leThe one who texts me besides Yuri and GagongBaliw. Thenemy, but for some reason, dragged me into this.

 "Don't answer her," one of them from behind said."Why do you have to drag my friends into this—?""OMG! We're not friends!" Freya cut in.Of course, she had to insist on that now."B!tch! You're not the one she's referring to!" Honey sho"Shut up!"And they started fighting again, throwing insults and curI could, I would slap myself right now for letting myself them earlier."Will you all shut up, or should I make you?" A man, whfront of me, said.How annoying!I couldn't see anything with this thing covering my face. strange, like burnt sweat.I was forced to stay quiet. The longer we were in the car, breathing tightened. My heart was pounding faster, and Imyself down, no matter how hard I tried.ThenthecarstoppedandIheardthedooropenagain

 While walking, I knew the others were following me. I cand Honey bickering again, Ella and Rakki complaining,We stopped for a moment, and I heard a door open.Then, someone pushed me down into a chair."Ouch! What the heck?" Rakki complained, who seemed beside me."Take it off," I heard a man's voice, and they removed thmy head.What the...I squinted because of the sudden brightness. It felt like mdried out.Once my eyes adjusted to the light, I finally opened themA man in a white sleeveless shirt appeared before me. HeFilipino. His arms and neck were covered in tattoos. He lcould pass for a handsome guy like Yuri, but he looked lto street life.And let's not forget the piercings on his nose and lips. He been "Tokhang'd.""Wh?"IkdlthhIldhdid

 Chapter 257: Enemy who?Jay-jay's POVSweat was dripping down my face. My wrists also stung bindings they had placed on me.That bastard didn't speak to me again. He just kept talkinJapanese. Thankfully, the others seemed to have sensed tstayed quiet.Ryosuke Sato.That was his name. His men called him "Ryo."But I preferred to call him Idiot.I was getting frustrated. I couldn't think of a way out becMica and the others would get hurt. I couldn't even speakmight not like what I had to say."You!" the idiot suddenly said, pointing at Ella. "...why ame like that?"It was obvious that he struggled with English. I turned towhomhehadpointedatIwantedtoslapmyforeheadw

 "Why are they even here? I'm the only one you need, righHis eyes shifted to me. "Yes, but things didn't go as plannJason."Jason? Friday the 13th?The guy we fought at the gotohan? The one with the cooeven still alive?"...what I want is Keifer, Yuri, and their gang." he added.A gang? Who? The Snakes? They're not even a real gangone.Besides! Their "king" wasn't even here. What, were we shim to return? Geez! We'd still be here by the time we grto wait for that guy to show up."Maybe you could just let them go? If you only have meI said, trying to reason with him."So you just want to be the main character?!" Freya butte"Oh, what an idiot." Ella muttered under her breath, but ifor Freya to hear.Even though Ella and I weren't exactly best friends... I agthi

 I wanted to bang my head against a wall because of theseliterally trying to get them out of here, and that's what theabout?!Wow... Just wow."Urusai!" (Shut up!) Sato suddenly yelled at us."WHAT?!" Freya and Honey yelled back in unison.Sato rubbed his temples in frustration. "I said 'shut up'."We all just nodded. The two idiots finally shut their mouSato turned away from us for a moment and spoke to oneguy pulled something out of his pocket.A phone.I stared at it because it looked familiar. It had the same cShit! Aries' phone!"How did you get that?!" I demanded, my eyes locked onI knew it! That text earlier wasn't from Aries! He was jusagain!"ThatbelongstoAries!"Ellasaidattemptingtostandup

 "He was with us looking for his phone. We split up for a came back for him, we found you guys instead," Mica ex No... Please, no...I turned to Sato. "Is he here?!"A sickening grin spread across his face before he made afingers to his men. My heart started pounding even hardeA man in a uniform walked in, dragging someone with atheir head.My heart stopped.As they brought in a chair and forced the person to sit, Saforward and pulled off the bag."ARIES!" Ella and I screamed at the same time.He looked dazed, like he had been drugged or spent an avideo games.His gaze landed on us, and it was like he woke up from a"J-Jay? Ella? What—The hell?!" He yelled when he realtied.Hestruggledagainstthebindingsbutitwasuseless

 Ella and the others screamed in shock."FVCK YOU! DON'T YOU FVCKING TOUCH MY SIroared in pure rage.If it weren't for the hands holding me down, I would've cthe floor. I squeezed my eyes shut from the pain.You bastard! I'll get you back for this later!I forced my eyes open. I realized that each of us now had behind us, gripping our arms to keep us from moving."Noisy, noisy." Sato sighed as he stepped closer to me.The guy behind me yanked my hair, forcing me to look u"I don't like noisy people," he said, and before I could reaHe punched me in the stomach.You bastard!The guy holding me let go, and I collapsed to the floor, gAries was cursing at them, thrashing in his chair."FACE ME, COWARD!" Aries roared, but Sato just laugTearswelledupinmyeyesfromthepainbutIrefusedt

 "Don't listen to him." Aries growled.Sato snapped his fingers and pointed at Aries. One of his punched my brother.I nearly ran to him if it weren't for this damn idiot standin"You will do what I say, or..." Sato gestured toward Ella.next.""Just do what he says!" Freya screamed at me."Shut up!" Rakki snapped at her. "...Or he might do some""Rakki is right. Calix and the others might not be able toare too many enemies." Mica added."What?! Of course, they will ask the police for help. Thedown this lunatic." Honey said irritably."Be quiet! Let Jay-Jay decide." Ella said, her concern forI looked at all of them. I knew they wouldn't be able to hSato had planned for them. They weren't as tough as I waBut if I called Yuri here, they might be ganged up on. Whmore men than we expected?Tsk!Whateverhappenshappens!

 "Y-Yuri..."["Jay? What happened? Where are you?"]I looked at Sato. It was clear from his expression that he response."Yuri..." I took a deep breath. "...there are many of them,room, and I'm not sure how many more are outside. BrinI wasn't able to finish my sentence because Sato suddenlyaway and slapped me across the face.I almost fell again, but someone grabbed me from behindI took advantage of how close he was and spat directly ocheek was already numb from the two consecutive slaps Maybe he should hit the other side next time, just to evenSato glared at me angrily. He wiped his face with his palhis other hand toward one of his men for the phone."Send him our location and get ready," he ordered withouoff me."Fuzakeruna!" ("Don't mess with me!") he yelled at me."Fuzanginakarina!"Imimickedhistonemockingly

 "Jigoku he ike!" ("Go to hell!") he yelled right in my facYou bastard! I don't care if you just cursed at me or not!Just as my world was about to completely black out, he lcollapsed forward, gasping for air and coughing violentlyinvoluntarily formed at the corners of my eyes."I am so eager to kill you!" he said before walking away"S-Sato." I called out to him, even though my voice bareHe turned to face me, and I glared at him."...just wait u-until I get out of here. I will make you payhe just laughed at me.He exited the room, followed by most of his men. The ondown finally let go and left as well, until only two of them"Jay..." Aries called my name.I looked at him and forced a smile. "I-I'm okay.""They're coming, right?" Honey asked."What if they can't handle the enemy?" Mica asked worrhappens to us then?"

 They will come, I know it. But... will he come?"Who was that guy earlier?" Rakki asked. "...what does hAries and I exchanged glances. We weren't sure if we shoRakki's question. If they found out that I was the real targtake it well."I remember him," Ella suddenly said. "...I've seen him t before.""He said he wanted Yuri, Keifer, and their gang," Freya aa gang?""He was referring to Section E," I answered."Is that why we're here? Because he knows we're close toasked.That could be it...I had never thought about it before. He wouldn't have kidthe others just because of me. Unless he had been watchimovements closely... or maybe even the movements of thfrom Section E."Then why am I here? And Aries?" Mica asked, looking "...and why is Rakki here? She's not even close to Sectio

 "Whatever the reason is, I'm sure that guy is crazy," Rakstaring at the door that the Idiot had just walked through.he did to Jay-Jay.""So, what now? Are we really just going to wait for those people?" Honey asked irritably."Pray," Aries responded. "...Pray that they arrive with KeI looked at Honey. "You were with him. D-do you think "I don't know," she replied, avoiding my gaze."What do you mean you don't know?""I don't know! There's no way to contact him! Except thrwhich is impossible because he's blocking all of Keifer's in the Philippines."Her explanation made the others turn to look at her."I-I don't understand," I said, shaking my head.Honey took a deep breath. "Keifer needs to fix himself. Nfor distractions because his relatives refuse to give him hKeigan made sure that he would have all the time in the whis connections—"Iiditlthff"Wititit!Whtd

 If he really had no connection to us, then there's no way h person as my textmate, the one who always seemed hightalked to him.We all fell silent. Listening, thinking about what could hIt was only now that I realized how maddening silence coI subtly tried to loosen the rope binding my hands, but evit just made the pain worse.So frustrating! Nothing useful was coming to mind.I looked at Aries, who was also looking at me. Concern whis face. I wanted to ask if he had a plan, but the two guaus and Rakki's group were keeping a close eye."It's so hot in here! Don't you guys have air conditioningWe all sighed. She was really more concerned about the than her own life.The two guards ignored her, only glancing at her briefly to their conversation."Oh, so now they're pretending to be deaf! And they're nFreya muttered loudly."Clhtthfk?!"Hdi

 It must've been half an hour of us just sitting here, waitinhappen, when suddenly, the Idiot Bastard, Sato, walked iHe was even smiling, his teeth shining so much it made mfew out.Please don't sing! Please don't sing!"He's here," he said, looking behind us.We all turned to follow his gaze.The old, rotting wooden door creaked open, revealing the been desperate to see.He was followed by two of Sato's men. He walked towarlocked on mine."Y-Yuri..." I barely whispered.He gave me a small smile before stopping and turning to"Let them go now," Yuri ordered seriously.Sato laughed loudly. "No!" he suddenly shouted. "I said,your gang."He was still searching for the Snakes and their King.

 We all turned to look.A thin, termite-infested plywood panel had collapsed. A stood up, dusting himself off.I glanced at Yuri just in time to see him slap his foreheadLooks like this one messed up."Why was that wood so weak?" the small person—morecomplained."Ci-N?" Ella said.He turned to us, looking like an innocent child.He glanced at me and Yuri before flashing a wide grin."Torplise!" he said, raising both hands."Get him!" Sato yelled, but before they could move, a seerupted from outside."Someone got in!" someone shouted.I looked at Yuri.He had backup. He wasn't alone!

 I looked at the people in front of me.They were all rushing."Get the car!" Sato ordered one of his men.A car? They're taking me away!I struggled against the man holding me, but since they wI ended up stumbling onto the floor.Sato started cursing in Japanese.I recognized some of the words—definitely insults.Then, out of nowhere, he grabbed my hair and yanked mI screamed in pain.Even with thick hair, it wasn't enough to support my who"Kisama! Ama!" (You! Bitch!) he shouted.All I could do was kick my feet in frustration.I couldn't stop the tears from falling.I hated this feeling of being powerless.

 Fueled by anger, he grabbed something hard and started I quickly rolled onto my stomach, trying to protect my fanext targets."Stop it! STOP IT!" I screamed, my voice laced with desHe finally stopped after a few more strikes, most of whicshoulders and arms.Some hit my thighs and legs, too.I wanted to cry out loud from the pain.I couldn't move anymore.It felt like this was how he planned to kill me.But I was wrong.I heard the sound of a gun being cocked.He was going to shoot me."Go to hell now!"Someone... anyone... please... help.

 Chapter 258: Black and whJay-jay's POVI held back my tears and my breath. I felt like with just omy skull would be shattered. Even without looking, I cou pressed against the back of my head.I've been held at gunpoint many times before, but as timeweight of it feels heavier and heavier. It's like death is gecloser."Aaarrrggghhh!!" Sato let out a loud scream, followed bygunshot.I screamed loudly, thinking I had been hit, but I didn't feI died instantly, and that's why. I opened my eyes, and thtears, I could still see my surroundings.This is no joke! I might really die here.Can it wait? There are still people who owe me money. Ithings with the Ulupong yet. I haven't punched their Kingmy Dad yet. Maybe after all that, then it's fine.Onceagainoneofthemgrabbedmeandforcedmetost

 witch, but that wasn't what I was worried about. I neededhim!Suddenly, Sato lost his temper and started kicking his meholding me wasn't spared. He was like a child throwing ahe didn't get what he wanted. When he ran out of targets,at me again."I want you dead! You're going to die! Your friends will shouted, pressing the gun against my head."T-that's not true!" I replied, but he kept shouting and pome."No one will help you! You will die here! I will kill you!"NO!" I shouted back at him with all my strength. "Theysave me!"They're already here!"They will not make it! My men will defeat them!"He really wanted to have a shouting match with me. If onstink. To make it worse, his spit kept landing on my faceI know what he's doing. He's trying to take away my hopfor it. What does he think of me? A child?!

 "Nice! She trusts us!" said Mayo, raising his eyebrows."Trust trust, baby!" said Drew, even dancing a little."Wow... Trust." Josh chimed in, his tone obviously sarcaI smiled, but it quickly disappeared when I felt the cold magainst my head again. At the same time, he grabbed myfrom moving away. Here we go again!They all tensed up. Some tried to approach, but the idiot harder against my head."Easy..." said Felix."Where are Yuri and Keifer?" he asked the Ulupong.The crazy guys looked at each other. No one could answI'm about to die, and he still won't show up. What else neme? Maybe I'll be buried and rotting in a coffin, and he sDamn you, Keifer! You're really the worst!I'll feed you my mismatched socks. Traitor! So annoyingon your gums! I'll flick your teeth! I'll rip out your esoph"Dammit! Let me go! That bastard isn't coming!" I shoutIfI'mannoyedwithSatoI'mseethingwithrageatthatd

 "H-he's here," I said, scanning the area. When I couldn't Ulupong. "Is he here? Is he here?""W-who? Who's here?" Sato asked, panicking.Your mom's here!It looked like he was starting to feel fear. He slowly dragmy idiot classmates. But it was pointless because the areEven if we ran, we'd still be seen wherever we went."Let her go now!" someone shouted.If I wasn't mistaken, that was Yuri's voice."Let her go... Let her go..." another voice sang, just like EI couldn't be wrong—that was Percy's voice."Let go of my sister!" That voice belonged to HoroscopeFrom the side of the building we had just come from, thevoices slowly walked forward. It started with my brotherother brother and Yuri.I thought that was it, but time seemed to slow down whenwas someone else following behind them. When I saw thstepping onto the dusty ground, moving upward to the bltltkdihitllthilk

 Oh wow!Wow, really?! Out of everything, that's what he focused ofeeling when you just want to curse out of frustration? Y"You idiot! That's what you're worried about?! You bastaI wanted to reach for his face so I could punch him, but Ithis damn Sato was still holding me. I couldn't even hug—couldn't even hit him.He grinned again, that annoying, infuriating grin. His per behind lips that didn't need any coloring. He ruffled his h before finally pulling off his tie and throwing it aside aloWhy does he look even more handsome—ugh! Stop! Thright now!"I came back straight from London, and you call me an i bastard?" he asked, raising an eyebrow. "...No 'I miss youYou son of a—!"You idiot! We literally saw each other yesterday!" I yellHe nodded. "Yeah, and you cursed me out, didn't you?" hDamn it! Why did he have to bring that up?! There were thlbbhIhtdtht!Etdtlk

 "The sky is so pretty," I muttered, but Sato suddenly tighme."Ahhh... Ouch!" I screamed.I almost forgot this idiot was still here. The damn King jumy attention."Let go of Jay-jay now," Yuri said, glaring at Sato.Sato pressed the gun harder against my head. I was scarefelt something else. I couldn't explain it, but my heart felsituations like this would send me into a panic, but now tthem...All of them... All four of them.I felt like everything was going to be okay. I felt safe evein their arms yet."Let go of my Baby Sister. Isn't our handsomeness enougyou?" Percy boasted.I saw Felix slap his forehead. Even I wanted to do the samwere still tied."Don't call her Baby Sister. She's my sister, not yours," APtdthi"Y'Fith'l

 Aries, with his ever-grumpy face. He held my fate in his how angry he always seemed, I loved him. No matter hohe was important to me. And that scowling face of his re be getting a lecture later—because I was going to survivI turned to the far end.Yuri's serious expression. His red hair made him look likwith anger. But despite that, he was strong because, afterhappened between us, he was still here. That red hair rem just a while, he would be hugging me, showing how mucAnd lastly...Damn it!The annoying, frustrating, bastard face of the damn KingHe reminded me that I was going to punch him later. Tha pay for everything he did to me. That he would explain ehe did."YOU BASTARD! LET ME GO!" I screamed at Sato, starm.For some reason, he seemed to snap and, with all his streaway. I crashed onto the dusty ground, but at the same timgun at me.

 "Let me go back! Something might happen to them!" I pignored me.It took a few more moments before they stopped and put body felt so heavy, and I felt like I couldn't breathe."Untie her!" Kit's voice ordered, and someone removed thands.I was weak, and my throat was completely dry. I fixed mthat was all over my face. I also wiped my face with my I was gasping for air as I looked around. We were still inalready close to the exit. Some stood in front of me whilehelping Mica."Jay-jay." Ella called me. "...Where's Aries?" Her voice wworry."H-he's outside... They're facing Sato and the rest of his m"Where does it hurt?" Eren asked me.My whole body, and even my soul.But I couldn't answer. I wanted to cry. They shouldn't havfrom there—how would I know if they were okay?Stiiththhdfdbf

 I shifted my gaze to the lovers—Mica and Calix. They wCalix kept kissing his girlfriend's forehead.Okay... They're still annoyingly sweet."He hurt you, didn't he?" David asked, making me look a"...Your cheek is starting to bruise."I didn't care about those bruises. I wanted to go back outsknow if they were okay. I had to be sure that this Sato woI didn't know how much longer we had to wait, but my awe suddenly heard a series of gunshots. I immediately rasource of the noise, but David blocked my way.Ella ran too, but Edrix stopped her."Get out of my way!" I shouted at David."Stay here!" Denzel responded."Something might have happened to Aries!" Ella cried, n"Sorry... But this is their fight." Rory said sadly."Why? Am I not part of this? We're here because we got fight!" I couldn't help but break down.

 Half an hour had passed. We hadn't heard any more sounmind was racing with all sorts of thoughts, but none of thI felt someone sit beside me. I didn't bother checking wh"Jay-jay." It was Ci-N. "...I have something to tell you," respond. "...I rarely get to talk to Keifer. But when I do, yfirst thing he asks about. Sometimes, you're even our topI didn't react, even though this was the first time I was he"He was always worried about you. He even wondered ifhim." he added.If only you knew, Ci...There were so many times I wanted to give up. I even trifailed."He also said that you have big—"I immediately shot him a sharp glare. he grinned mischiecouldn't tell if he was serious or just messing with me."Seriously?" I asked.he shook his head. "Just kidding... I just wanted to see if conscious or if you had already fainted without us knowi

 he laughed first. "He was always looking at you, so he noyour body and your movements."He was looking at me? I don't know why, but something statement made me feel weird.Well, he used to sit behind me, so I had no idea what he w"He better be ready for me when he comes back." I threa just laughed at me."This is taking too long!" Honey complained."You can go home if you're getting impatient," Felix saidat him."I'm waiting for Percy." She replied."I have no one to wait for. Can I go home now?" Freya aannoyed."W-we should all go home together... J-just to make sureto you guys." Edrix said.For a few moments, they continued arguing about whethleave. Felix kept trying to send Honey home, while Edrixopposite with Freya.Itdtlltthfbiibtth

 "What happened? Whose blood is that?" I asked as we seI knew it wasn't his because the blood wasn't concentrate"Are you okay, bro?" Felix asked as he appeared beside mPercy looked at his clothes and smiled at us. He was abousomeone suddenly pushed Felix and me aside.Damn it..."Percy!" Honey called out dramatically, arms open for a But Percy's reflexes were quick. He pushed Honey awaystatue."Hm! Witch!" He muttered, followed by Felix's loud laug"Aw... Did you really have to push me that hard?" HoneyBut Percy's attention had already shifted. He was now stalooked absolutely annoyed."Frey-aaaa!" He yelled as he ran toward her with his armBut Percy must have forgotten that Freya was just as fastshe pushed him away, making him fall like a toppled dol"Don'ttouchme!"Freyasaidwithdisgust

 "Whatever." She added before turning around to face Edfrom her. "...You!" She called out. "...Since you're so perme outside. I'm bored in here!"Edrix nodded and followed Freya out of the building. Peslumped as he turned to us, but he quickly forced a smile"I fall even harder for her every time she gets mad at mecheerfully.But that wasn't what I wanted to know."Where's the rest? Why are you the only one here?" I ask"W-where's Aries? Where is he?" Ella asked worriedly.Percy's smile slowly faded. It felt like something kicked ache.He always joked around with us, but at this moment, I w.

 Chapter 259: White & RedJay-jay's POVI heard Ella sobbing behind me. Even I wanted to cry lousaid anything yet, but the serious look on his face was enheavily on our hearts."Where is he?!" Ella's voice was pleading."P-Percy... Where's Aries?" I asked.He bowed his head for a moment before sighing. "Aries.held my breath, afraid I might break down completely. ".He glanced behind us. "...There! He's coming!"I immediately turned to look where he was pointing. Hisand there were a few bloodstains, about the same amounwalking straight toward us, as if nothing bad had happenElla immediately ran toward him and was met with a tighOkay... Let the girlfriend have her moment first, then thetheirs later.OnceImadesurehewasokayIimmediatelyturnedtof

 I turned back to Aries, who was still hugging Ella. I didn because I didn't want to disturb them. I was just happy tosafe and that nothing bad had happened to him.A few seconds later, Aries looked at me. He let go of Ellawalked over to me. I didn't hesitate to meet him with a hu"That damn Percy! I thought something terrible had happsaid, burying my face in his chest.I'll deal with that lunatic later."It's okay... It's over now. No one's going to mess with yowhispered to me before letting go of the hug. "...what hapface?""It's Sato... The guy who pulled me away from you earliestarted showing now."He hugged me again and kissed my forehead. "Sato's deaI was shocked and let go of him. D-dead? How? Who? Wget to take revenge on him.It was hard to believe. Yes, I was angry at him, but I nevewhere I wished for him to die. I'm not that cruel. I'm just"W-who—?"

 "We're not getting back together, if that's what you're thinHoroscope guy answered, and my smile faded."Why were you together?""Because you needed us. But that's as far as it goes."What a shame...He patted my head before leaving to go back to Ella. I wthat they were okay now. But do they always have to be My worry for Aries was gone, but now I was annoyed wreally have to scare us like that? Now it was just Yuri and their annoying King who were race. Why were they taking so long? I couldn't help but tI must have paced back and forth several times already. Ithe same path the two of them had taken, hoping to see th back."Eww... Stay away! You're disgusting!" I heard Percy shoHoney.Serves you right! That's karma!"Wow, you're the one disgusted by me? You've got somehtbk

 "Because you're the center of my solar system," the Batagiggling.It was obvious that he was the only one thrilled by his owRakki just sighed in response.At least they could enjoy themselves now. Meanwhile, I  because of my worries. On top of that, I was getting hunterrible when I was hungry.I might just start biting people."Should we call the police now?" I heard Drew ask."Let's wait for Keifer and the others first," Eren replied."That's exactly why we should call the police. What if thDrew said, making me shoot him a sharp glare."J-just kidding," he quickly added upon noticing me."Your joke isn't funny!" I snapped. "How about I make s       youdon't make it?""If you're going to crack jokes, do it with a drunk person"Justdon'tdoitwithJayjaywho'sclearlyworriedsick

 gotten my revenge. Not even a single flick to his foreheaThen, I turned back to where Percy and Aries had come fweight on my shoulders lessened slightly when I saw Yuus.I smiled, ready to run toward him, but then I noticed his so much blood—so much that anyone would assume it wglance.I swallowed hard. Turns out I wasn't ready. I thought I cohad already gone numb from worrying too much. But I w paid much attention to the bloodstains on Aries and Percwere just splatters. But Yuri's clothes...There was justtoo much.Yuri greeted me with a smile, but when he noticed me staimmediately stopped in his tracks."I-is that your blood?" I asked anxiously, my fear eviden"No, it's not mine," he assured me before removing his phis undershirt had blood on it.

 He stared at his bloodstained clothes for a moment beforhit him. He let go of his polo and took off his undershirt.My eyes widened. That idiot was nowtopless. The worst part? My eyes were stuck on his body.I had seen him shirtless a few times before, but I didn't kalways feltnewto me.Can someone hand me some peanut butter for this bread?I didn't hear another word from him. He took long, hurrieme like he was racing against time.In the blink of an eye, I was pressed against his bare cheswrapped around me."Please ignore the fact that I'm topless," he muttered.How could I ignore it?! His body was sowarm

 "Sorry. I had to call our embassy... and myOtosan.""You scared me," I admitted, hugging him even tighter.He didn't say anything, but I felt him place a kiss on my I don't know, but something about his embrace felt differwas feeling a certain kind of fear.I was about to ask when those damn idiots started yelling"That's so indecent!""There are innocent people here!""Have some shame!""These two are being way too lewd!""Don't look at them, Mica!"We weren't planning on paying them any attention, but sustood up near us, eyes wide as he pointed toward the samAries, and Yuri had come from.

 wrong!Yeah, that's right!I immediately turned to face the little brat, but the slipperalready run away, laughing loudly along with the others."You little punk! I should tie you and Percy together!"Speaking of Keifer... why wasn't he here yet?"Yuri..." I called out to him as he picked up his clothes. "happen to Keifer? Why isn't he back yet?"Yuri didn't even look at me. He walked closer, holding hi patted my shoulder with a sorrowful expression."M-maybe he just had to talk to someone. Let's wait a litforcing a smile.I wanted to ask more, but he had already walked past medidn't want to talk anymore.I wasn't sure if I should apologize to him. I knew I had hudid, it would feel like I was admitting I did it on purposeI chose to stay silent. I didn't want to add to his pain. I dihim even more.

 At first, I thought they were just messing with me again, footsteps. Slow but heavy.I froze. My heartbeat matched each step he took. I forgotto do. Not far from me, he appeared—wearing his coat, withou blood. His necktie was wrapped around his right hand, loused it for punching.His face, though, looked the same. There was no sign of And here I was again, feeling something strange. Why dithis whenever I saw him? I never used to be like this befocry, but at the same time, I wanted to smile just because hwanted to hug him, but I also wanted to punch him.This man was going to drive me insane!"Keifer..." Ci-N called out to him, walking toward him.Keifer stopped right where I had been waiting for him eatalking, but we couldn't hear what they were saying.He glanced at me for a second but didn't react at all.It felt like a stab to my heart.Ytitbtd!

 Like I was a ghost."Whoa... Jay-jay just got ignored," Drew commented, raiI suddenly felt the urge to punch him.Iknew! IknewI was being ignored! Did he really have to rub it in my famissing was a giant billboard saying   Keifer ignored Jay-jay, plastered right in front of me.I rolled my eyes at Drew.All I could do now was watch Keifer. That was all I coulcouldn't even bring myself to chase after him.But that changed the moment I saw what he did when heand Ella.

 He looked at her!HE LOOKED AT HIS EX-GIRLFRIEND!Oh, hell no! This bastard was really pushing my buttons!He ignored me, but helooked    at his ex?!What the hell?! Was something going on that I didn't knoI wasn't the jealous type. I wasn't quick to get jealous. No Not at all. NOT AT ALL!Why would I even be jealous? Was there even somethingWas there?!WAS THERE?!He justlooked    

 , but the person he swore his love to, the person he prom —he just walked past."Are you okay, Jay? Do you need to use the bathroom?" watching my face.I ignored him completely.I was annoyed.I was so annoyed because I shouldn't   be annoyed—but I was.That was such adick move.You shouldn't   be jealous of an ex. That's the whole point of being anex

 ex, then why look?! Why turn his damn head?!Does he want to never turn his head again for the rest of Should I just snap his neck right now?!"You bastard..." I muttered under my breath.Out of sheer frustration, I took off my shoe and threw it aIt hit him right on the back, making him stop in his track"Jay!" Yuri scolded me.I ignored him and grabbed my other shoe to throw againIt hit him squarely on the head, making him bow slightlyI only then realized that everyone was staring at me. Eveeyebrows were furrowed deeply. Percy just stood there, dwhat I had done."Oh, Jay... Your socks don't match!" Ci pointed out whileOh, wow! Thank you for mentioning that!Now,everyonewasstaringatmymismatchedsocks—on

 He slowly straightened up, letting out a deep sigh. He turserious eyes. I couldn't read any anger in them.He had no right to be angry at me!He even picked up my shoes and socks and handed themthe closest to him."Done?" he asked, emotionless.I couldn't answer. I felt embarrassed by that one word alogrew. I wanted to charge at him, but my feet wouldn't mo"...If you're done, then I'm leaving," he added, about to tuOh, hell no!"That's what you're good at! Turning your back and leavi"...Go ahead! Leave! That's all you ever do! The only thia fistfight!""J-Jay... That's enough," I heard Rory trying to stop me."Let Keifer be. Maybe he just has something important tDenzel added."Oh, really?!" I replied sarcastically. "Something importarunningaway?"

 "This isn't the right time to talk about that," Percy said sesurprised me.He rarely got serious, and when he did, it usually wasn't But I chose to ignore him and kept my focus on this dam"If you're leaving, then leave," I said quietly. "...But I canwill be anything left for you to come back to."Because I didn't know if I could keep waiting."Done?" he asked again, which irritated me even more. Bcursing at him, I could only nod.I thought he would leave. I thought he would turn his bacwalk away.But I was wrong.Something in him seemed to snap. He took large, fast strlooking extremely serious.I wanted to step back, but before I could, his hands grabb"You talk too much," he said before quickly pressing his I heard the Ulupong and everyone else react to what wasmymindwasblank

 "KEIFER!" I screamed loudly.Something was wrong! What was happening?The Ulupong quickly ran toward us. They tried to lift Kecould move. As soon as I could, I looked at him.He was unconscious, his lips pale. I didn't understand! Hmoment ago!"Keifer! W-what's happening? Open your eyes!" I said, tDamn it! You owe me!"Move aside!" Yuri's voice called out as he pushed past t blocking his way.He knelt in front of Keifer and turned him over. Even thoconfused, I let him do it, hoping he knew what to do.Yuri lifted Keifer's coat, and I froze at what I saw.Blood was flowing from his back.I thought he didn't have any wounds from earlier. But it shidden it from us.They tore open Keifer's shirt, and two puncture wounds ovisibleBloodwasflowingoutlikealeakingfaucet

 "I'm already doing it!" Percy responded.While they were busy helping their wounded King, I justunable to move.I stared at my hands, only now realizing they were staineFresh, warm blood. I could even smell its metallic scent.Move! Keifer needs you!I couldn't. I felt dizzy. My stomach churned.There was so much blood. It felt like someone was aboutI hated this feeling.I couldn't stop trembling. It reached deep into my core."JAY! WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!" Yuri shouted at me "...Help us!"I shook my head frantically. "I-I c-can't... G-get him a-awI felt their eyes on me—filled with confusion and judgm"...P-please, I'm b-begging you."

 Chapter 260: Pay him a visJay-jay's POVI haven't changed. I didn't lose consciousness. I didn't huknowing. But why?"Jay-jay," Kuya Angelo called me.Oh, it's just him!I didn't notice his arrival. I thought he was just one of thegoing in and out of our room."Huh?" was all I could reply."Where is Aries?" he asked as he set down the briefcase the sofa near Aries' bed."H-he's in the canteen. With Ella."Kuya walked over to me and sat on Aries' bed, which wamine. He looked exhausted from work again.But of course, he still looked handsome.

 "Why did you come here? You could have gone home firhim rubbing his temple."The Sato guy..." he began. "...apparently knows Tiger."What the...? PPAP?!My eyes widened at what he said. That crazy guy who owI'll turn his yellow hair black."H-how?""That lunatic knows a lot of people. I wouldn't be surpriseach other," he sighed.Knows? That guy can't even remember names properly.  been eaten by his own cringiness.I watched Kuya's troubled expression. It seemed like he wthought. Like he was holding back a fart or a burp."I-is there a problem?"He shook his head and forced a smile at me. "Nothing seI wasn't convinced by his answer. I felt like there was a dwas getting nervous. Who knows what's about to happenShit!MaybeIwonthelotterywithoutevenbuyingatick

 I blinked rapidly. "Get me out of here. Please.""Why?" he asked, confused."I'll be the one to crack that damn Tiger's skull open! Thaangrily.Kuya shook his head. "He's not a traitor.""What do you mean he's not? He's the one who gave out us!"That's probably why Rakki and the others got involved edidn't need to be. Who knows what he told Sato. Of cour believed him.Heaven forbid!"Tiger is talkative. He's like a walking newspaper. I think blabbed about you," Kuya explained.Even if it was accidental, he still shouldn't have given outhat. What if Death itself asks him next time? That mightends our lives."I'm still going to slap him!""I'll do it for you," he replied.

 "You panicked again when you saw blood."I looked away. I didn't want to talk about it. Even Aries kabout it, but I chose not to answer him.Kuya seemed to notice what I was doing. He let out a deeHe stood up and walked toward the door. "I'll go see Arie"O-okay."All I heard was the door closing. I slumped back onto thethe ceiling.I was relieved that I hadn't changed after seeing blood. Bquestion swirling in my mind after we were all rushed toAt that moment, I wanted to get away from all of them. FKeifer. I really wanted to help him. I wanted to do what Ytook over me. The fear of blood and the fear that my visiand I might do something I didn't know.I turned to my side. I was ashamed of myself. After he saI acted.How shameless of me.I wasn't ashamed of him anymore. He got shot saving ustdSIdid'tbtthjdtfthidit

 "Psst! Jay-jay," the voice called my name in a whisper.I grabbed the blanket wrapped around me up to my waistexactly why I hate staying in hospitals—because of situaThen, I felt someone's presence behind me. That whistlinapproaching again. I squeezed my eyes shut tightly.Damn it! Just don't show yourself to me!Suddenly, something hit my arm. I screamed loudly and of the bed."STAY AWAY FROM ME! GHOST!" I shouted, struggli"Ghost, my foot!" said a familiar voice, making me stop Or rather, look at THEM.The Brat was grinning widely beside me. Felix stood notcourse, his brother was there too, always carrying his perconditioner."Didn't you hear us knocking and opening the door?" Fe"Of course not. They're out of it," Percy answered for meHe walked over to Aries' bed and lay down. He better hodoesn'tcatchhimorhe'llgethitCisatbesidemesoId

 I averted my gaze. I was happy to hear that he was awakeface him. Not anymore."J-just tell him I'm resting," I told them."That won't work!" Felix quickly replied.I raised an eyebrow at him."He's asking for you," Percy said in a bored tone, eyes stdon't go there, he'll come here himself."That stubborn idiot."That's why you should just come with us! We even broufor you," Ci said with a smile, pointing beside Felix.I frowned. "What am I? A cripple?!""It's so we can bring you to him carefully," Felix said."I told you we should've just wrapped them in bubble wrmumbled as he scratched his foot, then sniffed his fingerGross!"Then we could put them in a balikbayan box too. Geniusarcastically.

 Percy now looked like a kid about to lose an argument. Hfrom where he was sprawled on the bed and pointed at C"Y-you!" he stammered, but he couldn't think of anything"...Shorty!"And now it got personal!Ci's nostrils flared. he looked pissed at what Percy had caup straight just to clap back."UNCIRCUMCISED!" he fired back.Percy immediately grabbed his belt and acted like he wa"You wanna check?!" he challenged.I instantly grabbed my pillow and covered my eyes, whilhim."Hey! Hey! Hey! Are you crazy?! There's a girl here!" he"It's his fault!" Percy pointed at Ci and fixed his belt. "...uncircumcised one! If anything, he is the one who hasn't "I'm only 15, you idiot!""Hey! I wasn't like that when I was 15!"

 They're insane!"Could you guys argue outside instead? You're making mand they all turned to look at me at the same time."Should I call a doctor?" Percy asked in a panic.I rolled my eyes at him. "Just go outside. I'd feel better.""What about Keifer?" the Brat asked."Just tell him I'll go later... when I feel better."When I can face him."O-okay. Get some rest first," Ci said before walking outand Percy.Finally! Peace and quiet again!I fixed my pillow and lay back down. I wanted to sleep, bwas already rumbling. I was getting hungry—not a goodAries and the others were taking too long. They were supfood, but they still hadn't come back. My brother went afhe hadn't returned yet.Then, my phone rang from the bedside table.

 conversations.With every message he sends, it really slaps me in the faBut how is that possible? On his birthday, there was a picthat GagongBaliw group.There's one way I can find out who he really is. But the p be huge—a large amount of prepaid load.Where can I buy load?I checked my balance inquiry, hoping I had at least a pesolder brother and ask him to load me up.While waiting, the door suddenly burst open with a bangwas about to start a fight. I jumped in surprise and almos phone."Son of a—" I muttered under my breath, waiting for thewho slammed the door to reveal themselves.And I didn't have to wait long because out came... a Bum"Where is Percy?!" she demanded angrily as she stormedShe didn't even wait for my answer. She immediately looeven opened the bathroom door. What's this all about now"WhithtP?!"hkdhlkdl

 What's her problem? Should I just pull her hair?"That annoying Percy! I even wore my favorite costume  just went into hiding again!" she complained, almost on I felt a little bad for her. She really puts in a lot of effort fkeeps avoiding her.That guy's an idiot too. Why doesn't he just talk to her prstop playing this game of hide and seek?"Why are you even wearing a costume? Are you crazy?"She rolled her eyes at me again. "Obviously, for Percy."I cleared my throat and got serious. If Percy can't do it, I'Honey looks so pitiful."You know... if I were you, I'd stop chasing after Percy. C just making a fool out of you?"She immediately glared at me but didn't say anything.I continued, "We're not even friends, and I shouldn't be m business. But you're making a fool of yourself in front ofare laughing at you. Your beauty is wasted if you keep thBut of course, I'm still prettier!

 I looked at the bedroom door, relieved that it was closed.She took off the trench coat, revealing what she was realThe idiot was in a bunny costume.Why does this outfit seem familiar to me? I paused for a thought.Bunny? Bunny? Bunny?! BUNNY?!Damn it! The Halloween party last year! That's where I fthe dinner for Keigan's girlfriend's birthday.But wait, something suddenly came to mind."Honey..." I called her while she struggled to reach the z"...Do you remember when we saw each other at the Halyear?"She glanced at me. "Did we?""Yes... And then the next time we met was at the dinner fgirlfriend's birthday.""Oh, the time you punched me! I almost ran to a plastic sthat."Shewasstilltryingtoreachthezipperofheroutfit

  No wonder he didn't care when Honey flirted with him rThat guy really is insane—his mind changes all the time.I see now. That guy is full of nonsense."Help me take this off!" Honey ordered.Finally, she asked for help. I was already feeling uncomfwatching her struggle.I was about to reach for the zipper when the door suddenwalked my older brother, Angelo."Jay-jay, have you eaten—?" He stopped mid-sentence w"...Sorry.""Angelo... Nice to see you again," Bumblebee greeted hi"H-hi," my brother awkwardly replied.He was trying to look at me, but his eyes automatically kHoney's body.I frowned. Men really are all the same. Not even my ownexception.Men are all the same!

 "Why do I have this weird feeling?" she said, raising an e"...When I look at Angelo, it's like I'm seeing Keifer. Esp birthday party. They look like brothers."Well, that's natural. They were always together before."Even Yuri and Aries have similarities with your brotherShe looked at me as if deep in thought. "You don't get it.intimidating aura that I also feel whenever I see Angelo. connected."I thought about it. There were times when my brother seeBut I also saw that in Aries and Yuri. Sometimes even inoften."Maybe you're just imagining things," I said."You know, he could pass as their brother—Keifer, KeigPlus, they kind of look alike. Could he be their long-lost I swear I'm going to punch this girl! She's thinking of the"Do they look like they're missing a sibling?" I said sarca"Whatever. Just unzip it already," she commanded beforeto me.Ididhkddltdhthd

 "Cover yourself up! You look embarrassing!" he scolded"What the hell?! I'm changing!" Honey protested."Change somewhere else! I like your outfit—err, I meanin front of Jay-jay! Her brother might walk in!" he insistethe coat on her.What the heck?Honey had no choice as Felix grabbed her clothes and bahand and started dragging her out."What's your problem? Let me go!" she protested, struggstronger.Before they reached the door, I suddenly remembered soyelled it out so I wouldn't have to disturb them."Felix! Load me up!" I shouted."Sure! Even 1000 pesos!" he replied.They finally left, and everything became quiet again. Nowhat was really important.Eat! Let's eat!

 Part Two End: GagongBalJay-jay's POVFelix really meant what he said—he actually loaded₱10The question is, what am I supposed to do with this? I domuch.I could get unlimited calls for just₱100. Felix the Cat reelse. Anyway, at least I have load now. I can finally do wcatch GagongBaliw (CrazyFool).If you're not Keifer, I don't know who you are anymore.I texted the idiot first.To: GagongBaliwMessage: Hey!It only took a few seconds before he replied.From: GagongBaliw

 He didn't reply anymore, so I figured he was already waiI pressed the call button and held the phone to my ear. It  before he answered. As usual, he didn't speak."Hey! GagongBaliw! I know you're listening!" I said, budidn't respond."...I have a secret to tell you. Just between us! Don't spreI heard a soft chuckle, but it was brief. I got serious and c"There's someone I love. I won't say who. He told me hefound out he was only fooling me. He used me, but he diI started feeling my breathing tighten.I know I've told this story so many times, but I can't helpremembering it makes me want to cry again. Damn it! I tto hold it back. I can't afford to cry—I need to execute m"...I tried to find out if he ever really loved me despite evsaid he didn't. It hurt so much, but what could I do? Thatgo. I thought that was the end of it, but he didn't stop. Hemaking me feel that he had feelings for me, even though I couldn't stop my tears anymore. I kept looking up, hopifall, but it was useless. Damn it! My eyes are turning into

 I broke down into sobs. That wasn't supposed to be part o blurted it out before I could stop myself."...Maybe I should just give up. Maybe I should finally leThe call suddenly ended.I couldn't hold back my tears anymore. I had so many rea but I really didn't want to. I was willing to find even just waiting for him.But after what happened the other day, I feel like I have nso. I didn't even get to help him after he saved me.I'm not the girl for him. I'm worthless. I must be so shamexpect him to fight for me after what I did.I need to stop him.If you really are Keifer, you'll come here right now—becthe King I know would do.I gripped my phone tightly while staring at the door. If hthat door now, I'm ready to make up for my mistakes andBut if he doesn't... I'll give up.Hours passed, but no one entered the room. I stopped crytitthdNfGBliith

 But Aries returned, and my brother and Ella already wennever came.He really isn't the one texting me."Go to sleep," Aries said when he noticed I was still widI turned my back on him while lying down, hugging my Any moment now, I might start crying again.It's already 2 AM—Keifer isn't coming.I forced myself to sleep even though my mind was still reHe's not coming.I kept waking up because I was sleeping so lightly. I thoudrifting off, but then I'd wake up again. It kept happeningA little later, I heard Aries moving around. He was talkinhis phone and then walked out.I shut my eyes again, forcing myself to sleep. I needed towhen I woke up, this heavy feeling in my chest would beI wasn't in deep sleep yet when I felt someone sit beside Hestrokedmyhairandwhisperedsomething

 I felt him kiss my forehead."I can't live without you..." Something wet dripped onto my cheek."...When I come back, I won't just promise—I will fight foHe kissed me again—but this time, on the lips. It was a lwith hesitation."...But please, don't give up. I love you, Jay..." I felt him move away from me. He stood up from where earlier."I love you until scientists find the end of the universe." I forced myself to wake up.I tried to move my body.When I finally opened my eyes, the first thing I did was lBut he wasn't there.There was no one.Onlythedarknessoftheroomgreetedme.

 He was here! He came!And damn it!That bastard stole a kiss from me!End of Part Two+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++⚠⚠Author's Note⚠⚠So there! Ending already, no continuation!Just kidding... Of course not!I had so many plans back in Part One, but they changed bfinish AMNSE , and then I changed my mind again.I'm so messy, right?

 So what should you look forward to in this damn Part Three?Jay-jay — (1) Still a big eater.(2) Is it really Keifer now? What about Yuri?(3) Meeting her  Pudra! (Father)(4) What was your illness again?(5) They say you're flirty!—they said so.Keifer — (1) How's London?

 (5) Is it big?—your love for Jay-jay.Yuri — (1) Why are you still so handsome?(2) Can I just have you instead?(3) So what now? Still fighting for Jay-jay?(4) Is your hair still red? Still got abs?(5) Is it bigger?—your love for Jay-jay.Percy — (1) Why do you hate Baby Yuri so much?(2) The weakening aircon.(3) The Percy vs. Ci-N showdown. Battle of the shorties.Percy isn't short.)(4) What about the illness?

 (4) Just Ella? That's it? Okay.(5) Goodness! He doesn't like Jay-jay, they're siblings! YCi-N — (1) Happy Birthday!—oh wait, that's over.(2) Rakki—nothing, just Rakki.(3) The Percy vs. Ci-N showdown. The most awaited batDavid — (1) Any plans on confessing?(2) Where's your girlfriend?(3) How to develop a high-class instinct?Felix — (1) Honey—the one you call "darling."

  Just for you, just for you, who are you...Edrix — (1) Is there hope for Freya?(2) You're in trouble with Percy.Rory — (1) This one's a stalker, folks...Eman — (1) Where's the food I asked you to cook?Eren — (1) Let's not be playboys anymore.Kit — (1) Because of your confession, you're now Kitty.Mayo

  — (1) Tone down the sweetness with Kit, you might get diabetes.Denzel — (1) Dadey.(2) It's coming soon, get ready.Josh — (1) Edy?(2) Ci-N has a new enemy. It's not you anymore.Drew — (1) My gosh! Your debt! How embarrassing!Blaster — (1) How's the band?(2) The fight with Keigan is finally happening.For those rarely mentioned...

 Ella — (1) What now? You've been overshadowed.Rakki — (1) Ci-N. Nothing, just Ci-N.Mica — (1) Don't encourage your boyfriend's flirtiness, okay? Too much is bad for health.Honey — (1) You're just an extra, I don't even know why you made it in here.Freya — (1) Honey beat you.Grace — (1) She's about to give birth.Kuya Angelo — 

 (1) Stop looking at other women. You're going to get a story.(Title: His Tears)Kaizer — (1) Here it is! Keifer's dad finally gets a scene.Jaspher — (1) Did I spell that right? When are you going to show yourself to your daughter?Hahahaha... There's so many of them. I just realized how ridiculously largethis story's cast is.I feel like trimming it down...Mwuhehehehe...